487551	386241	83670	1.0	Amateurish , incompetent , laughable	Even if you have minimal standards about film-making quality , you'll agree that we all have a human right not to be subjected to a film as bad as " Boardinghouse " . If there were a Movie Police , they would arrest everyone associated with this " movie " and never allow them to make another one ( actually , most of the people involved here never DID make another one ) . Amateurish " performances " ( most of these people don't even TRY to act ) , incompetent direction , laughable visual and audio effects , a " script " that makes no sense ( assuming there was a script to begin with , that they didn't just improvise it on the spot ) , pathetic " cinematography " ( or should I say " videography " ) . The real injustice is that this movie will never receive enough votes to make it into IMDb's " Bottom 100 " list , when other films are there undeservedly . stars .
487124	386241	108624	1.0	Utterly awful .	I had heard that this movie was bad , but I foolishly thought " well , it has Jet Li and Chingmy Yau , how bad can it be ? " . Answer : so bad that it makes you want to turn it off after only the first 5 minutes . Jet Li's fighting - everyone's fighting , actually - is ridiculously overdone and overedited ; Yau's charming presence and smile is the only thing this awful , unwatchable movie has going for it . The plot doesn't make a lick of sense ( as even those who liked the film have admitted ) and the dubbing ( of the " Evil Cult " version ) is incomprehensible . stars .
486487	386241	108593	1.0	Warning about " Deadly China Hero "	First of all , I'd like to make it clear that I'm commenting on the " Deadly China Hero " version of this movie , which apparently is several minutes shorter than the " Last Hero In China " version . The latter may be a decent movie ; the former is just as bad as " Kung Fu Cult Master " , if not worse . No self-respecting adult can possibly enjoy this silly trash ; no kid can possibly understand it . There is much more wire-fu than kung-fu here : when people are in the air , they either float or they go UP , not down . As for the plot , it's something about evil monks and kidnapped women and a mysterious temple and a lion-dancing vs . centipede-dancing contest . . . it's totally impossible to follow . Oh , and the picture quality is awful . I don't know about " Last Hero In China " , but " Deadly China Hero " is a " zero stars " movie all the way .
485889	386241	282163	1.0	Insufferable and ridiculous horror film	You know , it takes a certain amount of talent to take a formula as firmly established as that of the slasher movie and screw it up so royally , but that's what they've done here . You suspect the movie is going to be bad right from the start , when the inexpressive cinematography totally fails to capture the beauty of the snowy surroundings . You are certain it is bad after the " shower scene " , where we get POV shots and suspense music , only to be revealed that the " presence " in the room is actually ( gasp ) the boyfriend ! The characters are totally unlikable ( all the men except one = sex-starved morons ; all the women except one = annoying sluts ) . Perhaps it is possible to make a good slasher film with totally unlikable characters ( though I can't think of one right now ) , but they should at least get graphically butchered , so that the audience can have its " revenge " for the time spent with them . With one or two exceptions , this doesn't happen here . In fact , the killer of this movie isn't exactly very scary ; at one point , he stumbles on a corpse , falls down , gets kicked by a girl , gets up , stumbles on the same corpse again and gets hit on the face with a snowboard by the same girl ! Michael Myers would take out this pretender in 5 seconds . . . .
485920	386241	87270	1.0	Completely unconvincing ; a nothing of a movie .	The title and cover try to promote this as some sort of horror thriller , but don't be fooled ; it's really a revenge / survival story . It's meant to be about man's primal instincts , which surface under extreme circumstances , but it's so unconvincingly done that the four protagonists never seem to be more than an hour's walk away from civilization . Completely boring , filled with scenes of people just walking or driving around , it also resorts to all the usual stereotypes about paranoid Vietnam vets and evil , witchcraft-practicing Indians , having as a villain a man who is both of the above ! In short , I'd rather be stranded in the middle of the desert than having to see this film again . 0 out 4 .
486209	386241	86927	1.0	So bad it's PITIFUL .	This movie is so bad that it made me want to cry . It's about as funny as a plane crash with no survivors . But it's not only completely unfunny : it's also moronic and offensive . For two hours you're watching retards behaving like three-year-olds . The sexist and racist jokes are just plain pitiful . And the scene where Hanks ' girlfriend forgives him for lying to her and smiles sweetly is excruciating . I gave this " comedy " , a grade I've never used before . A pitiful movie . BLECCH .
486373	386241	131359	1.0	Rock-bottom cheapie .	You know , it's really a shame that most people have never heard of this movie . Because viewing it might just alter your perceptions about bad films . You will realize , after this , how often the phrase " this is the worst movie ever made " is inappropriately used ; " Rottweiler " IS the worst movie ever made ! I guess there have been , and there will be , movies AS bad as this one , but it's highly doubtful whether there has ever been a movie WORSE than this one . It's the " Plan 9 From Outer Space " of killer-dog films . It looks as if it was shot with a bad video camera , and the acting is beyond bad . How can anyone give it anything higher than a " 0 " ?
485785	386241	75097	1.0	Off-putting " thriller " .	Incredibly muddled , off-putting and ultimately ludicrous ( " the horses , oh my God , the horses ! " ) thriller . It's creepy at times , but it has one of the worst scripts ever written for a horror film . Watch how in the final 10 minutes everybody " magically " does exactly what the plot needs for the " resolution " to occur . Bland performances by the leads , a typically eccentric one by Richard Lynch . The video transfer is a real hack job , cutting scenes in half and making the movie even more difficult to understand . stars .
486602	386241	82332	1.0	For insomniacs .	This movie is recommended only for insomniacs : it will relieve them by putting them to sleep . Five-year-olds might also enjoy it . But for anyone else ( including fans of the genre ) , what a bore ! The " ancient " plot is reminiscent of " Return Of The Dragon " , and this film is just as inept , but Nero is no Bruce Lee , so " Enter the Ninja " is an even worse film . Until now , this is the second ( the offensive " comedy " " Bachelor Party " was the first ) film I gave to .
486489	386241	140859	2.0	Unwatchable between the fight scenes ; not much better during them	The only possible source of entertainment in a movie like " Bloodfight " is the fighting , but even that is spoiled here by terrible direction , bad camera angles and sloppy editing . The plot rambles on for about an hour , then turns into a tenth-rate " Rocky " . The Oriental actors , burdened with someone's idiotic decision that they should all speak exclusively in English ( in a misconceived attempt to help the film break more easily into the American market , perhaps ? ) , recite their lines robotically , without any feeling . On the other hand , the white actors , who can speak English more fluently , can't act ( only Cristina Lawson comes close to doing both of those things simultaneously ) . " Bloodfight " is only for those who'll watch Bolo Yeung in any film , no matter how atrocious it may be . ( )
486198	386241	195379	2.0	Limp	OK , I believe an in-depth analysis is not exactly necessary for this one . Its only value is in the unintentional laughs it has to offer . The martial-arts choreography is a disgrace to the words " martial " and " arts " . The girls may be sexy and smooth , but I'm sorry , a weekend's training in combat is just not enough . The stuntmen are a joke . The fights are slow , clunky , and graceless . " T . N . T Jackson " has better fight scenes than " Velvet Smooth " . Peter Sellers and Burt Kwouk have better fight scenes in the " Pink Panther " films . " Benny Hill " has better fight scenes - wait , " Benny Hill " has no fight scenes , I just got carried away by all the sped-up action . Well , you get the idea anyway . I think 0 . stars is a fair enough grade .
486538	386241	308137	2.0	Amateurish attempt at a psycho / serial killer thriller .	This would be acceptable as a first project by kids who just got out of a film college , but it is unacceptable as a finished product for public exhibition . Half the time you feel as if you're watching a sick home movie ; the other half you feel as if you're watching Asian MTV . As for the theory that criminals become criminals mostly because of a rough , traumatic childhood , it's certainly nothing that hasn't been explored in a million Hollywood movies . stars .
487068	386241	100975	2.0	Shameless and boring .	Anyone who has seen the utterly worthless original will rightfully wonder why a sequel was even filmed . But what's really inconceivable is that this so-called sequel is actually even worse that " Xtro " . A shameless " Alien " rip-off , terribly acted and full of very derivative effects . Trust all the comments and don't waste your time with this film .
485648	386241	109550	2.0	Dead in the water .	" Dark Waters " is the kind of movie that wears out your patience in the first 5 minutes . Every ridiculous horror cliche ( all the nights are rainy ; all the supporting characters are wackos ; old people know " more than they're telling " ; there are candles everywhere ; there are strange burp-like sounds on the soundtrack ; etc . ) gets a workout in this nonsensical mumbo-jumbo-filled ( " the one who was but now isn't and yet is " ) muddle . This comment can't possibly do justice to how bad this movie really is ; it's so bad it's bad ; it's the worst Italian horror film since " The Sect " from 1991 . 0 . 5 out 4 .
486583	386241	83033	2.0	Very bad .	A poor movie - to put it mildly . The misleading title may make you think that this is going to be a parody of the " Friday the 13Th " formula , but it isn't . In fact , it's hard to know what type of movie they're supposed to be spoofing here . Anyway , this film is an appallingly unfunny comedy AND an unscary horror flick , so there's no reason for you to see it . It has one blessing , however , that saved it from the rating ( I gave it a 2 ) : it's very , very short - but still not short enough to camouflage its lack of inspiration .
485677	386241	338479	2.0	Cynical , witless garbage	" Tales from the Crapper " is gory , disgusting , tasteless , offensive , lowbrow and scatological . But that's OK , I was prepared for all that from my previous Troma experiences . What I WASN'T prepared for is that it's also witless , unfunny and boring . Very little of the genuine anarchic spirit of films like " Class of Nuke'em High " has remained intact ; in its place , we get ENDLESS fart jokes ( to the point where you start wondering if Lloyd Kaufman is going senile , thinking that adults find loud farting so darn hilarious ! ) and a cynical , shameless exploitation of the viewer , who is essentially investing time and money to see a " film " that even Kaufman himself seems to know should never have been released in the first place . Oh yes , there is plenty of female nudity on display , but let's face it : the average porn film probably offers a better storyline , higher production values , funnier humor , and above all more RESPECT for its intended viewer than this atrocity . P . S : Kelly Powers AKA Suzi Lorraine ( the blonde lesbian student in the " How to make your own movie " segment ) is one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen .
486383	386241	87298	2.0	Imbecilic movie is a low point of the series .	Even by the standards of this movie series ( and those standards aren't exactly high ) , this is an utterly imbecilic movie and one of the series ' really low points . The characters are dumber-than-usual , the acting far below average and the dialogue is so ludicrous ( A : " You have no computer " , B : " And you have no Betty " ) that you can barely stand listening to it . Even the gory scenes are poorly lit and too quick , presented in a way that should disappoint every gore fan . But horror fans will also be disappointed , because the film isn't scary at all and its anonymous , irritating characters are impossible to care about .
485777	386241	386846	2.0	Lousy - possibly the worst " Die Hard " ripoff ever	I'm no snob when it comes to low-budget action films : just a few days ago , I watched " Blast ! " ( 2004 ) , a straight-to-video Die-Hard-On-An-Oil-Rig , and I liked it more than " Die Hard 4 " . But " The Vault " is just awful by any standards . Lousy , disorienting editing , pathetic " special effects " , sloppy , illogical script , bloodless gunshots , and obscenely bad acting ( Laci Szabo makes Jean Claude Van Damme look like Laurence Olivier ) all contribute to making this possibly the worst action movie " inspired " by " Die Hard " ever - if there is a worse one out there , I don't want to see it . There is a half-decent fight between Szabo and Rutten at the end - if you have stuck with the movie for that long . Diana Lee Inosanto shows brief glimpses of fighting talent ; Brynn Lucas ( as the hero's daughter ) is hot ; I wouldn't mind seeing either of them again , in something better - which essentially means , in anything else .
487262	386241	87229	2.0	Worthless and artless .	Robert Ginty says at one point " I feel like I've been here before " ; well , those were my feelings exactly . I thought the original " Exterminator " was a pretty bad film with only a few memorable gore scenes to recommend it , but this is far worse . Made only to cash in on the first film's popularity , this is too boring to succeed even as a low-budget actioner with no other ambitions . The plot is so thin it can't even sustain its 85 minutes , and Ginty . . . . well , he barely exists as a person . ( )
486189	386241	83312	2.0	A shapeless farrago .	" Waitress ! " is about as bad as a comedy can get . It can barely be called a movie ; it's more like a collage of randomly connected images and scenes that don't build from each other or move any sort of plot forward . And the editing is so rapid it may give you a headache . I'd give this dreadful film 0 . stars .
486709	386241	79115	2.0	Sloppy and unpleasant	" Escape from Hell " is not made with enough artistry to disguise what it is : crass exploitation . The direction and writing are both sloppy : for example , the camera-work during the fight between Cintia Lodetti and Ajita Wilson is so bad that you can barely make out what's happening ; also , if the alcoholic-but-kind-hearted doctor hadn't killed the warden , the guards would never have followed him and the girls after their escape - the " fake plague " plan had worked fine until then but he just had to ruin it . I would have given this film a ( the sweaty lesbian scene is not bad and Christina Lai has an amazingly beautiful face and body ) , but a particularly disgusting scene of abuse forced me to cut 2 more points . Of course some sickos will take that as a recommendation . After all , one thing even more disturbing than this film is that some people actually gave it positive reviews !
486585	386241	71521	2.0	UGH .	James Caan and Alan Arkin " disgrace " themselves by starring in this offensive turkey . They play two unlikable near-fascists , whose idea of " law-enforcement " is , apparently , killing and injuring innocent civilians along with real criminals . And we were supposed to be rooting for those Dirty Harry clones that were even nastier than Harry himself ! A thoroughly unfunny " buddy comedy " , and a revolting movie .
485622	386241	79319	2.0	Inconceivably dull .	One of the worst movies ever made . It's a remake of a 1937 disaster epic , which I haven't seen , and it's so impossibly dull , so lifeless and enervated that my guess is , if you ever start watching it , you won't finish it through . The climactic hurricane sequences are OK , but not really spectacular by today's standards - and how many viewers will have survived the 90 minutes that the movie takes to get there ? Lots of good actors ( Farrow , Von Sydow , Timothy Bottoms ) are pitifully wasted . Don't say you weren't warned .
485756	386241	244098	2.0	Don't bother .	This worthless , bottom-of-the-barrel , stupid slasher film is only for those who have A LOT of free time on their hands , and simply want to see a few gory killings , without any concern for quality . If you don't belong in this category , however , skip it and go watch any of the roughly 3 , 784 better horror films available in the video stores . ( )
486277	386241	179123	2.0	Utter disappointment	The cover seems to promise a female version of James Bond , but the truth is quite different . " Pepper " ( as my version was titled ) is too lame to be taken seriously as a spy thriller ( just one example : the room in which there is a device that can trigger a satellite to destroy Washington , London , Paris and Moscow is guarded by only one man ! ) , but at the same time it's not funny enough to work as a parody of the genre . There are also some drawn-out sex scenes thrown in for good measure , but since there is no connection between the characters , these don't work either . The heroine is fairly attractive but disappointingly passive , and doesn't seem to have any particular skills . Jane Bond she is not . Avoid this movie . 0 . stars .
487313	386241	101676	2.0	Incredibly bad	The only reason I'm writing this is to issue a warning , because I see that nobody else has bothered to ( and deservedly so ) : if you're thinking of renting / watching this movie because the title sounds intriguing and you feel this could be a buried exploitation treasure , PLEASE DON'T DO IT ! This must be one of the worst non-movies of its decade . Comedic sequences that are not the least bit funny , a mystery plot that can support about 10 minutes of action , and one of the most annoying leading men ever to appear on the screen ( he didn't appear again ) . Maura Tierney is kind of likable , on the other hand , and she has all my sympathy for being stuck in a role that requires from her to find her co-star . . . attractive . Please , don't be fooled , don't ever rent this .
485798	386241	110264	2.0	It's hard to believe how bad this actually is .	The title promises cheap thrills , but there aren't any . The script is stupid , the direction amateurish , the cops dopey ( not only do they fail to capture a slow , dumb serial killer , but they also fail to provide even the slightest protection to the victims ) , the psychiatrists ignorant and the actors portraying them ( and everybody else ) slumming ( John Saxon , what happened to you man ? ) . But in case you still didn't get the idea , let me just say this : even the average " Friday the 13th " film is made with more artistry . ( )
487145	386241	94962	2.0	Gore and nothing else . Nothing .	" The Dead Next Door " is a nearly plotless exercise in extreme gore . Certainly the entire miniscule budget must have gone into the creation of the gore effects ( which are juicy , to say the least ) , because all the other technical aspects ( lighting , visual clarity , staging of the action scenes ) are atrocious . It's hard to really hate the film , because you know it means well . . . . but that doesn't mean that you won't be looking at your watch frequently , even though it runs only 80 minutes . ( )
486482	386241	94899	2.0	Enervated	OK , this is confusing . In 1984 , the Italian director Anthony Dawson ( AKA Antonio Margheriti ) made " Codename : Wildgeese " , an action film about a commando squad that goes to Southeast Asia to attack a drug lord's stronghold . It starred Lewis Collins , Lee Van Cleef , Klaus Kinski and Ernest Borgnine . In 1988 , he made " The Commander " , an action film about a commando squad that goes to Southeast Asia to attack a drug lord's stronghold . It starred Collins and Van Cleef again , but no Kinski and Borgnine this time ; in their place , there was Donald Pleasence . To further confuse matters , the version of " The Commander " I saw was actually titled " Commando : Wildgeese " ! It took me about 10 minutes to realize that I wasn't watching the 1984 film ! Anyway , all you need to remember is that " The Commander " / " Commando : Wildgeese " is a low-grade action film , to be avoided at all costs . A low point in the careers of Van Cleef and Pleasence ; all the others involved never had much of a career to begin with . The only character who piqued my interest was a beautiful female fighter , but she didn't get to do much . ( )
486708	386241	89964	2.0	An embarrassment , a fraud , a hack job . . . . take your pick	I have this obscure movie on VHS and the cover features Linda Blair in a revealing outfit , holding a machine gun . In the actual movie , she does hold ( and fire ) a machine gun , BUT : A ) Her outfit is a formal dress under a fur coat , B ) Her part is a 5-minute cameo ( plus a few lines of narration ) . The rest of " Savage Island " consists of copied-and-pasted footage from TWO Italian / Spanish Women-In-Prison films , one of which I've seen ( " Escape from Hell " ) and one I haven't ( " Orinoco - Prison of Sex " ) . The result is , as you might expect , a complete mess . There is no continuity between the scenes , sometimes even between the shots . 2 women start fighting dressed , in the next shot they are naked ( because a lesbian scene in-between has been omitted ) . In one shot it is night , in the next shot it is day . In one shot the prisoners are in a circle , in the next shot they have formed lines . There are TWO different prison wardens , and the SAME female guard gets killed twice . It's all quite laughable and shameless . Rating : stars , pushed up to 0 . 5 because Linda Blair with a machine gun is sexy .
487450	386241	93276	2.0	The strangest . . . and the worst .	" Iron Warrior " introduces a new style both for Ator ( he has black hair now , in a ponytail , and barely utters more than fifty words in the entire movie ) and for the series itself . Director Brescia drops the silliness and campiness of the two D'Amato-directed " Ator " flicks in favor of a pseudo-arty approach . He employs every trick in the book : slow-motion , fast-motion ( ! ) , wide-angle lenses , cheap editing tricks to make people " disappear " , etc . But the result in nothing more than a ponderous , often incomprehensible film that you may have to struggle to get through . The Malta locations are admittedly very beautiful , though . ( )
485636	386241	85750	2.0	A total yawner .	Most of the comments here will give you the impression that this movie , bad as it is , still offers ( unintentional ) laughs . But you can laugh only when you're awake , and staying awake while you are watching this INCREDIBLY BORING movie is a real challenge . Poorly produced , directed and edited , this is an abysmal sequel , and the only total yawner in the series .
486945	386241	93405	2.0	What a dud !	A complete dud . Stuck with a stupid script and in the middle of moronic proceedings , Bill Cosby looks utterly bored and desperate . This is the type of film that has NOTHING redeeming about it , and even thinking about it for a minute longer than its running time is a real waste of effort . Worthless . ( )
486347	386241	156372	3.0	The only thing you'll be thirsty for is a better movie .	Cheap ( and I mean CHEAP ; I don't know what they paid the actors , but the rest of the budget must have been around 50 dollars ; it was shot on KODAK film stock ! ) softcore thriller is mostly talk , with minimal horror elements and a monotonous performance by Monique Parent . The director plays so much with the lighting that you would think the house where the action takes place is a disco . ( )
485696	386241	56405	3.0	When it's not funny , it's unendurable .	" Reptilicus " is a rather easy movie to write a review about , since for almost all its length it follows the same , monotonous pattern : it alternately becomes laughably bad ( when the " monster " is onscreen ) and sleep-inducing ( when it isn't ) . I mean , if the unconvincing special effects don't get you , the lifeless performances will ! Those who are looking for unintentional laughs won't be too satisfied , either ; sure , the green " acid slime " is funny for the first few times you see it , and the scene where Reptilicus eats a man who has changed into cartoonish form is hilariously embarrassing , but this is an one-joke comedy , and it soon wears thin . I have to admit , however , that the film is slickly photographed ; when Reptilicus is offscreen , it's much more slick-looking that " Dr . No " , for example , which was made the same year ( 1962 ) .
485612	386241	112843	3.0	Predictable " Robocop " rehash .	A tired , second-rate " Robocop " rehash . Deadly predictable , too . You know what will happen in almost every scene . Basically the whole plot is : woman gets murdered , woman gets " ressurrected " , woman seeks vengeance on those who killed her . Nothing more than that . The movie is not exactly bad , it's just so . . . . . forgettable ( and , as others have mentioned , what's with that red powder that we see instead of blood when someone gets shot ? ) . Nicole Eggert is the sole redeeming element . ( )
486144	386241	91344	3.0	And what do we care ?	This is a low-class , low-grade attempt to revive the myth of King Kong . The filmmakers have made the mistake of taking him for granted ; they " anthropomorphize " him to an excessive degree ( watch for those silly grins ) and pretty much waste him . There are some fair scenes of mass destruction in " King Kong Lives " . . . . but there are also at least two gory scenes that are not for the squeamish . You've been warned . ( )
486943	386241	78113	3.0	Atrociously bad .	An atrociously made , acted and dubbed cannibal movie that is also very tame in terms of violence ( except for a scene where a crocodile is skinned alive ) and nudity ( it must have been on the female lead's contract not to have a single nude scene ) . The " highlights " of the film's stupidity include : A : The poorly integrated stock footage of animals killing each other . B : The lamest attempted-rape sequence you'll ever see . C : A scene of the cannibals having circled around the hero and then attacking him one-at-a-time , and him defending himself with karate moves ! D : A silly conversation about whether the cannibals have any chances of " adapting to our civilization " ( " Well , it's gonna take quite some time " ! ) . E : The already-mentioned axe-boomerang scene , and a terribly edited spear-throwing scene a few seconds earlier . The on-location filming is the only thing that forces me to give this film one star , instead of none . Only for the desperately curious .
487287	386241	83550	3.0	Possessed by the spirit of other films .	Extraordinarily stupid ( why doesn't the family simply leave the house ? ? ) , blatantly cliched ( right down to the resolution of the " exorcism " ) and often perverse - but those are all faults of the script . The director does a good job under the circumstances ( there is one camera trick in particular that makes you wonder how he pulled it off ) , but the movie is still a turkey . The only way this could impress you is if it's the first horror film you ever see . ( )
486276	386241	83509	3.0	Cynthia Rothrock's first film is terrible - and she is barely in it !	Cynthia Rothrock , whose first film this is , appears on the video cover and has a couple of fight scenes in the opening 5 minutes . Then her character is dressed up as a ninja for the rest of the running time , except that the woman inside the ninja suit is NOT Cynthia . It's easy to see that from the close-ups of her eyes , and the ending credits confirm it . But even if you ignore this fraud , " 24 Hours to Midnight " is not a good movie . The script , full of irrelevant and recycled scenes , is strictly amateur hour , the direction is inept and the " action " scenes are uninspired . The criminal organization that " Cynthia " goes after is supposedly making billion dollar deals , yet its headquarters seem to be a small cheap room . The only bright spot in this movie is a sexy female cop ( Myra ) - without her I would have given it a " Zero " rating for sure .
486605	386241	61405	3.0	Inexplicably bad .	" Billion Dollar Brain " is an unbelievably , inexplicably bad movie . It's so bad that the Harry Palmer series didn't survive it . I can't realize ( after two viewings ) what exactly is wrong with it , but it seems to fail on every level : plot , action , satire . Even Caine looks passive and unable to save it . A real curiosity .
487201	386241	147868	3.0	Disappointing , talky action film	OK , let me start with the best ( if not the only good ) thing in this movie : Shawn Huff . I don't know if the word " WOW " is enough to describe her . Her portrayal of an expert markswoman / assassin is picture-perfect , and she delivers with conviction such lines as ( after shooting two guys point-blank ) " Hell yeah I think you're afraid of me ! " . I think she is Brent Huff's wife , but she's so good in her role that I don't care if she got it only because of that . The rest of the film , however , is one disappointment after another : Roddy Piper is an ex-wrestler . Does he fight in the movie ? No . A big German guy is shown at first as an underground fighter . Does he have any more fights ? No . The villains ( a para-military group ) are shown training during the opening credits . Do they get to put their training to use ? No . And so on . The action ( what little there is of it ) is of generally poor quality , apart from a few decent motorcycle stunts . Ultimately , " The Bad Pack " is the poor man's " The Magnificent Seven " ( )
485701	386241	87805	3.0	Shamelessly exploitative , often laughable .	" Ninja III " is not quite as bad as " Enter The Ninja " , the first part of this " trilogy " , but it's still a very bad movie . It will hardly please the fans of martial-arts movies , because there isn't enough action , but even the action scenes themselves are often spoiled by laughable excesses and needless violence . As if the film wasn't already weak enough , the filmmakers turn parts of it into an idiotic " The Exorcist " rip-off . The only redeeming value is the winning presence of the actress who plays the " dominated " heroine ; she is a beautiful and athletic woman , which the director doesn't forget to exploit in various sleazy ways - she just happens to be an aerobics teacher . I don't mind a little soft-core exploitation , but it must not pretend to be something else .
485779	386241	256083	3.0	Alternative recommendations	" Hostile Environment " seems to have a lot of promising B-movie actors and ingredients , however here are a few suggestions for you instead of watching this movie : - If you're a Brigitte Nielsen fan , try " Red Sonja " - If you're a Matthias Hues fan , try " No Retreat , No Surrender 2 " - If you're a Darren Shahlavi fan , try " Bloodmoon " - If you're a Rochelle Swanson fan , try " Sorceress " ( though I did get a kick out of seeing her using a machine gun at one point here ) - If you want an action movie set on a ship , try the superb Hong Kong - made " Red Wolf " - If you want a reluctant post-apocalyptic loner / hero , try " Mad Max " However , if you're looking for a movie with a very ripped man spending most of the running time half-naked , you've come to the right place . Definitely a male muscle fetish film , I'll give it out of 4 stars but my guess is most women will rate it higher .
485708	386241	100904	3.0	At least the dog is adorable .	This sequel to " Watchers " is just a reworking of the original . Or , more accurately , it uses Dean Koontz's original story as the basis for yet another " Predator " knock-off . Pretty lame , with some terribly unconvincing effects ( check out that severed head ) , but an amazingly well-trained dog yet again saves the day ( i . e . , at least makes the movie bearable ) . ( )
486670	386241	95256	3.0	Grotesquely confused ( SPOILERS ) .	It begins as a horrible " horror " flick , but fortunately we quickly find out that the opening scenes belong to a movie-within-a-movie . Then , for the next 15 minutes or so , there are some decent filmmaking vs . reality games that add an extra layer to the film . But when the punks appear , their embarrassing overacting turns this into a bottom-of-the-barrel affair . But wait ! After the deformed man avenges the murders of his " family " and gets himself shot in the process , it gets even worse ! There are many pointless scenes that go on far too long , especially the two " good cop-bad cop " interrogation sketches . The ending offers a gruesome twist ( though ruined by bad makeup effects ) . . . . and then the REAL ending comes . It's one of the stupidest and most nonsensical endings I've ever seen , but you have to admit at least that it takes a lot of audacity to dare end your film this way . ( )
486225	386241	87556	3.0	Perhaps the action movie with the worst hero ( and the worst villain ! ) of the 80's .	Essentially plotless action film has two good guys ( Fong and Roundtree ) pitted against two bad guys ( Mitchell and Pierce ) . Fong is perhaps the most uncharismatic action lead of the 80s , Roundtree's small part is a far cry from his " Shaft " days , and Cameron Mitchell adds another shameful role to his career , one to sit right next to his laughable turn in " The Toolbox Murders " ( this man was a respected actor once , now he has come down to wearing flowers in his hair and complaining about people bleeding on his carpet ) . Only Stack Pierce acts with some dignity . As for the violence , don't worry : most of it is too badly done to offend anyone . ( )
486559	386241	95334	3.0	The Unoriginal Nightmare .	There is certainly nothing original or creative about this film . . . . more than an hour passes before you even get to see a werewolf . . . the movie seems to consider the " existence " of werewolves a very shocking revelation but you're not likely to agree . Totally pedestrian , with low-grade special effects . ( )
486040	386241	113349	3.0	Awful .	This is the worst of the " Howling " sequels , and that is quite a feat considering how bad most of them were . To be fair , though , parts " 5 " and " 6 " were pretty decent ( no kidding ) , so please don't ignore them also simply because they happen to be " associated " with this movie . Not to mention the fact that the film cannibalizes earlier sequels by lifting plenty of footage from them . I'll give it just one small star , in case you're a country-music ( or a country-hick ) addict .
486265	386241	109546	3.0	Playboy can do better !	Kim Delaney is pretty hot , and that's about it for this derivative and stupid " erotic thriller " , which concludes with some mystical mumbo-jumbo that has to be heard to be believed ( " if you surrender to the evil spirit , it will be kind and gentle to you " ) . Don't waste your time with this time-waster , unless you wanna see what it looks like when a grown man tries ( unsuccessfully ) to act as if he's " drowning " . ( )
487270	386241	74279	3.0	Crummy low-budget flick .	Director Paul Baurtel's follow-up to his cult hit " Death Race 2000 " was this pretty awful little action picture that has all the amateurishness of the previous film but about half the budget - which wasn't so high to begin with ! It's a crummy-looking , unfunny , unexciting film , but at least it has some beautiful women and some fast cars . . . . . ( )
487023	386241	60782	3.0	Pretty lame .	Even Raquel Welch's physically superb presence can't rescue this hokey , dated adventure epic . I'm sure the effects were considered creative and first-rate back in 1966 , but today they've lost much of their impact . And the ending is so abrupt that it may leave you stunned ! ( )
485666	386241	96251	3.0	Think " Japanese MTV with a dose of violence " and you're getting close .	Unendurable , incomprehensible assault on the senses . Not really shocking or disturbing , because most of the time you don't even know what exactly you're looking at . Actually , this must be one of the worst films I've ever seen , but it has enough amazing ( for what they cost ) effects and bizarre images to warrant a viewing . But you'd better be prepared . . . ( )
486558	386241	96000	3.0	BLATANT , BLATANT " Predator " knockoff	Astonishing in its audacity ! Bruno Mattei gathered a bunch of B-movie actors , threw them into the jungle , and then ripped off the basic plotline from " Predator " , ripped off whole lines of dialogue from " Predator " , ripped off the irrelevant action sequences from " Predator " , he even ripped off the " who-played-whom " - type closing credits from " Predator " ! The only difference is that the monster here is a robot instead of an alien . A very weird experience - check out the " monster's " kiddie voice ! ( )
486172	386241	74474	3.0	Boring - Skip It	I would describe " Black Emanuelle 2 " as a mix of porn , corn and " Rashomon " , except it's not as interesting as that description makes it sound . First of all , the female lead who replaces Laura Gemser is nowhere near her league . Her body is nice but her face is nothing special , to put it kindly . The " corn " part goes to the description of the life in the psychiatric clinic ( unlocked doors for every room , patients with phones in their own bedrooms , etc . ) . And the " Rashomon " reference is about some flashbacks that tell the same events from two different perspectives ; however , the heroine is not lying here , she just can't remember the truth because of some psychological trauma , caused by an event in her past . You'll probably guess the nature of this event before it is revealed . But you will have stopped caring before that . Shot in New York , badly dubbed in English . ( )
487565	386241	78812	3.0	Dreadful espionage thriller .	From the hilariously overdubbed Russian dialogue ( in the very first scene to boot ; what a great way to start your movie ! ) to the badly miscast actors ( Maximilian Schell as a top Russian official ? ? ? ) and from the unexciting action scenes ( full of inept bad guys who can't shoot straight ) to the trite " May-December " romance between Lee Marvin and Linda Evans , " Avalanche Express " demonstrates how easy it is to screw everything up in this genre . In its defense , it's not as awful as , say , " The Kremlin Letter " ; there is also some good on-location shooting in Europe . Despite the title , the " avalanche " part of the movie doesn't take up more than five minutes . ( )
486443	386241	147995	3.0	How many country hicks did " The Crow " have ?	Great DVD cover marketing here , guys ! Raven = Crow , therefore this is the successor to Brandon Lee's " The Crow " ! Em , no . Actually , reading the plot synopsis and looking at the photos I expected something along the lines of " Barb Wire " , but no , it's not that either . The story is silly and pretentious ( shut your mouth , wise old Indian narrator ! ) , and the action scenes ( the whole two of them ) are poor , with mistimed sound effects . Carmen Electra is a hot woman , no doubt about that , but it's painful to watch her trying to act , though not as painful as it is to watch her male co-stars ! ( and yes , anyone with an IQ higher than that of the characters can see that she used a body double for the nude scenes ) . At least Debra Xavier has some fun with her role as the wicked bad girl . At one point , Carmen's boyfriend tells her " I can help you " and she responds " You ain't tough enough , baby " . THAT'S the attitude this film needed to have all the way . ( )
486903	386241	100666	3.0	Not half as witty as its title .	Sloppily directed , witless comedy that supposedly spoofs the " classic " 50s " alien invasion " films , but really is no better than them , except of course in the purely technical department ( good makeup effects ) . And any spoof that is worse than its target is doomed to fail ( " Casino Royale " , " Our Man Flint " are worse than almost any James Bond movie ) . After two hours of hearing the screeching voices of the aliens , you'll be begging for some peace and quiet . ( )
487495	386241	65709	3.0	A mess .	Marty Feldman was a likable and gifted comedian , but that doesn't mean he couldn't star in some lousy films . Take this terrible comedy for example : the bizarre , sometimes cute fantasy sequences are its only saving grace . This only goes to prove that if you want to turn chaos into comedy , you have to be really good at it ( like the Marx Brothers were ) ; otherwise , you'll end up being merely chaotic . ( )
486542	386241	113278	3.0	Pretty terrible	I have often found myself defending Albert Pyun for some of his films that few other people like ( like " Nemesis " ) , but " Heatseeker " , a pretentious mix of pseudo-sci-fi and martial arts action , really is one of his worst films . Keith Cooke ( whom I first spotted in " China O'Brien 2 " , where he stole the show from Cynthia Rothrock and Richard Norton ) , is an impressive kicker ; Gary Daniels is an excellent opponent ; and the cast is obviously full of real fighters . If Pyun had cut out all the crap about cyber enhancement and rival bio-engineering companies , we would probably have about 30 minutes of straight fighting . In other words , the movie is watchable , but only if you know how to use your fast-forward button . ( )
485980	386241	118153	3.0	A total waste of time .	There is a decent idea buried at the core of " The Whispering " , but the script's logic is messy ( why can some people see the demon-woman and others can't ? What does the hypnosis scene have to do with anything else ? And - SPOILER - as someone else already mentioned , how can you defeat a demon simply by breaking a mirror ? ? ? ) . Leif Garrett gives a narcoleptic performance that matches the director's funereal pace perfectly . In short , this is yet another horror film that you'll have completely forgotten two hours after seeing it . ( )
485731	386241	70130	3.0	Too dull to stomach .	Marco Ferreri should have gotten some kind of honorary award for turning a seemingly surefire premise into an astonishingly dull movie . The characters don't exchange even one meaningful line of dialogue during the film's two hours . That means that they don't connect with each other , and we don't connect with them . And that means that we're not in any way affected by the " wild " goings-on ; we simply occasionally observe that " hmmm , that must have been provocative in 1973 " , and we move on . ( )
486643	386241	87280	3.0	" Stalker " meets " Seven " : a cure for insomnia !	This is the kind of movie that sends 90 % of the audience looking for the exits ( or the " Eject " button on their VHS / DVD players ) , while the remaining 10 % claims it's a " masterpiece " . Very demanding , very suffocating , very pretentious . By making a film whose extreme ambitions are matched only by the boredom it induces , Von Trier proves to be a worthy successor to Tarkovsky ( and that's not a compliment ) . Of course in Tarkovsky you would never get a line like " I'll scew you to the Stone Age ! " . ( )
486863	386241	78405	3.0	Trash .	This film apparently caused quite some controversy when it was released back in 1978 , and it's easy to see why - the " bathtub " scene is explicit even by today's standards , and I'll bet that it's cut ( or shortened ) from the current British re-release of the film . Essentially , however , this is an artlessly made ( there's no style to the killings , although the weapons used - like a nail-gun and a screwdriver - are fairly original ) , rampantly misogynistic horror film with no redeeming qualities whatsoever . Cameron Mitchell , as the lollipop-sucking , Bible-quoting owner of the building where the murders take place , is beyond awful , but the screenwriter is also to blame for giving him campy lines like " Come here , you damn fornicator ! " ( )
486475	386241	95924	3.0	" Pulse " doesn't have much pulse .	The main problem with this movie is that its premise is quintessentially , thoroughly unscary . It's no coincidence that the only two even remotely scary scenes ( suffocation by gas and a very hot shower ) are not even directly linked to electricity ! And how IS the evil circuit able to control doors and windows ? ? This picture has some decent acting at least , but you should only see it if you're desperate and have run out of good horror flicks to watch . ( )
485994	386241	95929	3.0	Dreary exploitation junk	Despite the initial set-up ( 2 American girls in a foreign - here African - country get arrested and sentenced to 11 years in jail for a crime they didn't commit ) , " Purgatory " is not really a Women-In-Prison film . It almost completely ignores the daily prison life of the women and focuses on one aspect only : their sexual exploitation . The warden has set up a prostitution ring and the prisoners are used to satisfy the needs of many high-paying customers . After 75 minutes of this repellent junk , we finally get to the escape part . " Purgatory " supposedly has serious intentions : there are even title cards telling us what date it is , and at the end another card telling us what happened to the surviving characters , as if this was based on a true story , even though at the end of the credits there is the usual " any similarity to real persons , living or dead , is purely coincidental " disclaimer . But it is technically rough , even amateurish at times , and although Tanya Roberts deserves credit for taking on a role that has her appear completely unglamorous , she's still too limited an actress to carry a movie by herself . ( )
487079	386241	65832	3.0	What a goofy film !	Clumsy comedy with cheesy " special effects " ( if you want to call them that ) and a dumb storyline . Still , this could be considered something of a cult item today , because it feautures Arnold Schwarzenegger in his movie debut ; he is already impressive-looking , and his voice is dubbed throughout by a man who sounds nothing like him ! What saves this movie from the lowest possible rating is its lack of pretension ; the people involved in it must have known that they were making a bad movie and didn't try to hide it at all . For example , when Hercules fights a bear , there is no attempt to make the bear look even slightly real ; it's all-too-obviously a man in a bear suit . ( )
485613	386241	65950	3.0	UGH !	I can't believe there are four positive comments for this dud ! If you're tired of the James Bond pictures and you want to try a more " adult " and mature spy film , check out " The Ipcress File " , or even " The Naked Runner " , with Frank Sinatra ; they are far superior . " The Kremlin Letter " is poorly structured ( the main hero , for example , is kept offscreen for about an hour ! ) , nearly incomprehensible , uninvolving , talky , and loaded with so many stiff performances that you may wonder why they didn't hire some wax-museum figures instead ; they'd be a lot more lively . The lead has all the charm and acting talent of George Lazenby , and Orson Welles is used for decorative puproses only ; you never even understand what he's doing in the picture . The movie's only interesting moments come at the very end , when it finally manages to suggest how cruel and inhuman the world of espionage can sometimes be . And Richard Boone is the one actor who injects some life into his role . Otherwise , this is a fiasco of epic proportions .
486674	386241	64949	3.0	Disconnected , awful horror film .	Three of the most famous horror stars appear in this film , but don't be fooled - it's definitely a complete dud , an incoherent , unbelievably bad pastiche of disconnected scenes . Peter Cushing's role is little more than a cameo and Christopher Lee just drops in and out of a few sequences . Only Vincent Price has some substantial screen time in the final 20 minutes - which is the only part of the movie that saves it from being utter trash . ( )
486722	386241	69785	3.0	Inept .	The most annoying thing about this ludicrous " action " film is the contempt it shows for the audience . You get the feeling that the people involved just didn't care enough to make a good film , and the intentionally campy and preposterous moments seem merely an attempt to cover their own incompetence . Linda Marlowe is beautiful but most unconvincing in the title role , and many of the supporting performances are simply dreadful . And if you think the action sequences will redeem the picture , forget it ; they are so ineptly filmed that they become an offense to martial-arts fans . A monumentally bad flick . ( )
487244	386241	386653	3.0	Bargain-basement thriller	Ha ha , 9 out of the 12 people who voted on this movie so far gave it a perfect 10 , that's a good one ! I , on the other hand , will give it a 3 - it could easily be a 1 but it gets an extra point for the spin it puts on the genre by having a female serial killer and another point because . . . well , I did watch it all the way to the end . Make no mistake , however , it is a bargain-basement production in most respects , except maybe for the acting that might be called " mediocre " , though there is one guy who plays a psychiatrist that seems to be having serious trouble remembering his few lines . Oh , and a memo to the cops : when a serial killer is targeting a specific area , it might be a good idea to check the houses in that area before he or she gets to victim # 5 . ( )
486179	386241	74682	3.0	Nude goddess Ursula in a very disappointing sex comedy	Ursula Andress ' naked body is one of those things that make you believe in God . The other two women ( especially the one who plays the maid ) have great bodies as well . Then why is the higher grade that I can give to a film with such quality and quantity of nudity only ? Because , to get to Ursula's unbelievable body , we have to sit through a movie that is otherwise unfunny and boring ( keep in mind that I watched the full 101-minute version , not the 78-minute American one which probably cuts out a lot of the extraneous material ) . In typical Italian-comedy tradition , most of the characters are exaggerated caricatures ( the army freak , the " latin lover " , the constant drunk , the naive maid ) that are not funny , simply overacted . Final word : watch this , but keep your finger on the fast-forward button , you're gonna need it . ( )
486797	386241	206826	3.0	Total waste of time	Oh man , what a ripoff ! I rented this movie basically to see Claudia Schiffer . She has no more than 15 minutes of screen time in total , and don't expect to see her in anything racier than a bikini . She isn't exactly a convincing actress , but at least her primary profession is a model - what's Daniel Baldwin's excuse ? At one point he breaks into tears and it's one of the most unconvincing sobbing scenes I've ever seen ! Oh , and did I mention that Coolio plays a prison guard ? ! The only decent acting comes from Sarah Lassez and Kim Rhodes . The movie is filled with laughable situations ( from the sex scene in the PRISON cell against a LADDER to the escape to the breaking into apartments to a bullet in the gut having almost no effect to . . . . ) and twists ( " He's my father ! " ) that would shame a soap opera . The script looks as if it was written by a kid : anything can happen and nobody has to worry about logic . There is one neat directing trick - moving from a postcard to the beach it portrays - but otherwise " In Pursuit " is a total waste of time . ( )
486106	386241	74776	3.0	Stereotyped and tiresome .	Stereotyped , derivative , unoriginal and boring Western . The two popular stars ( Charlton Heston and James Coburn ) both give performances that are far from their best , and justifiably so ; they both have superficial roles and character traits stated mainly by dialogue . Heston is a sheriff who " liked the world better as it used to be before " and Coburn is an outlaw who " owes something to the man who locked him up and has to pay his debt " . Additionally , Heston is so old that he has trouble riding a horse and Coburn is mean and tough but not as cold-blooded a killer as some of the minor villains . Apparently , the filmmakers couldn't come up with even ONE original idea about how to make this movie somewhat distinguished . ( )
486710	386241	144233	3.0	Fails on all levels	" Horror of Hell Mountain " wants to be : A ) A soft-core sex filmB ) A women-in-prison filmC ) An action film D ) A post-apocalyptic film It fails on all levels , because : A ) The tone is too depressing - there is one tasteful love scene at the very beginning , the rest is a total turn-off B ) Only two of the prisoners seem to matter as characters - all the rest are treated as pieces of meat - and even one of them is ignored at the end ! C ) It's cheap - check out the fake computer explosions at the end D ) It's shot in the Czech Republic , and that's it - there is no other effort to create a post-apocalyptic world . Even seeing Sarah Douglas doesn't help much - partly because she's beginning to look her age here and partly because it's sad to witness her huge fall from " Superman II " to a film like this . ( )
487176	386241	71508	3.0	Fast forward to the last ten minutes ; the rest isn't even worth a look .	Disgraceful " variation " on the Frankenstein myth . Such shamelessly idiotic dialogue cannot be heard even in a porn movie ( " Oh , I am so lonely , I'm glad they didn't hurt you , come closer " ) , and such ludicrous plotting wouldn't even be accepted in a farce ( watch the " kiss him . . . it's not working " scene . . . . no further comments ) . Joe Dalessandro ( whom I liked in " Trash " ) is more out-of-place in this environment than even , say , Woody Allen would be . The incredibly bloody finale will please splatter fans ( in fact , it's the only reason this rates anything higher than a big fat " zero " ) , but beware : it is truly a very bad film .
486831	386241	55323	3.0	Of historical interest mostly	Dismal production values ruin a tale that , in some ways , was ahead of its time ( several of the women know how to handle a gun , for example ) . The plot concerns female prisoners on the remote Devil's Island , who work all day under exhausting conditions to collect gold for the French government , and if they want to " rest " one day they have to visit the guards ' rooms the previous night , if you know what I mean . One day a new warden arrives and takes over command of the prison , and his No 1 priority is to ensure the humane and respectful treatment of the prisoners . But could he have a secret agenda of his own ? And is that black guy whose boat crashes on the island really a fisherman ? I would like to give this film a higher rating than out of 4 , but I can't : the cinematography alone is among the worst I've ever encountered - everything appears to be seen through an awful orange filter . Ultimately , " Women of Devil's Island " is more of historical ( as one of the earliest women-in-prison flicks ) than of artistic interest .
486352	386241	79128	3.0	Boring cheapie .	Cheaply made , plodding horror film that should have been much better considering it's based ( incredibly ) on a true story . Justifiably forgotten today , this only has a couple of effective moments . The scenes that are set in the past are filmed in an awful , yellow-tinted black-and-white that makes the film look even cheaper than it actually is . Jessica Harper deserves better . ( )
485671	386241	86972	3.0	" The keeper of knowledge - Ator the avenger ! "	Okay , the dialogue is unnecessarily portentous ( " I see . You want to test my powers of deduction " or " Mercy is not a virtue of the wicked " ) , the acting is bad ( especially by O'Keeffe and the guy who plays Zor ) , the special effects are embarrassing , the script is full of digressions instead of sticking to whatever story it has to tell . . . . . BUT this still a quite harmless film , and not the worst of its type ; out of those I've seen , " Hercules II " with Lou Ferrigno still holds that title . ( )
486236	386241	67148	3.0	Lame .	Godzilla battles a monster made basically of toxic sludge . . . . and " sludge " is the operative word here . It's an awful , sleep-inducing movie , despite lots of ( ploddingly choreographed ) action . I haven't seen many Godzilla flicks , but this must rank near the bottom . It does have an honest " anti-pollution " message , though . . . . ( )
487447	386241	94627	3.0	Contains big SPOILERS !	A few scary , brutal murder sequences , surrounded by a lot of triviality and talking . The pacing is stagnant ( there are many scenes that could have been trimmed ) and the story is absurd ( a girl falls off a swing , hits her head , develops amnesia and then becomes a homicidal psychopath out to get the nurses who treated her ! ! ! ) . Footnote : I don't think I've ever seen the police being more stupid and inactive than they are in this movie . ( )
485737	386241	94607	3.0	A thriller that doesn't thrill . . . . . .	. . . . and that's just about the worst think that a thriller can be accused of . Unfortunately , this movie is " guilty " : it fails to involve the viewer and it lacks conviction ; the story was very uninteresting and there were very few occasions on which the filmmakers were able to convince me that something important was happening onscreen . It's a rather lethargic picture , despite some ( awkward ) occasional fast-cutting . The actors aren't bad , but you just don't care about the story or the characters . . . .
486386	386241	87015	3.0	Cruddy .	This dull and utterly unscary horror film is cruddy in every department and I simply can't believe that some genre fans actually liked it . The fact that it was followed by a sequel ( ! ) also seems inexplicable to me . There are absolutely no scares here - and no gore , either ; our views of the " monsters " are always too brief - but not brief enough to hide how cheap the effects are . " C . H . U . D " is rock-bottom stuff , and no fun at all .
486877	386241	923938	3.0	Slow , dry , actionless and unerotic	This is pretty much " The Terminator " with the sexes reversed : a female cyborg comes from the future not exactly to kill , but let's say to destroy the reproductive chances of the man who will become the father of the woman who in the future will become the leader of a resistance group against oppression , while another woman also comes from the future to protect him . The similarities end with the basic plot outline , though . " Terminatrix " is slow ( the 74 minutes feel like an eternity ) , dry , underpopulated , cheap ( and shot on video ) , actionless ( basically , there is not even one action sequence in the entire movie ) , and unerotic ( plenty of nudity and softcore sex , but more likely to put you to sleep than to turn you on ) . Kei Mizutani is cute , but this film is worthless . ( )
486771	386241	79197	3.0	Offensive trash - with one memorable part	Much like Tinto Brass ( " Caligula " ) , the people who made this movie can't tell the difference between explicitness and eroticism . No build-up at all , just throw naked women on the screen ; no , it doesn't work that way . If close-ups of female genitalia aren't your thing , prepare to be looking away from the screen at many points ( I often did ) . The " all women are whores at heart " mentality of the movie is offensive , and the " story " is by turns absurd and boring ( the escape is the most boring part ! ) . But halfway through there is a random scene that pops out of nowhere and involves one of the ( female ) prisoners and one of the ( male ) guards in a nude wrestling match , which she wins with a couple of judo moves . Although the choreography of the fight is bad , the whole scene is undeniably memorable . In fact , that scene and the nice cinematography are the only two reasons I give this film out of 4 , instead of 0 .
485803	386241	74906	3.0	A fiasco !	This incomprehensible picture simply doesn't make any sense . Considering its cast , it's a real disappointment . Even the two stars aren't very good : Nicholson gives a decent but mediocre performance , while Brando overacts embarrassingly , although it was probably impossible for any actor to play such a badly written role . The scenery is magnificent at times , and Nicholson has a cool line near the end ( beginning with " Do you know what woke you up ? " ) , but the film is still a fiasco .
487441	386241	157262	3.0	You've been warned .	If you're a Leslie Nielsen fan , and you desperately want to see this movie , don't . It's a disastrous , too-frantic , headache-inducing , long , sloppily directed , senselessly written comedy . Read the comments on this page instead ; they are funnier ! I'll give it one star ( instead of none ) out of four though , simply for the rather elaborate production design . It's a shame that the people who worked on it saw their efforts wasted so badly .
486000	386241	366285	3.0	Hot girls , dreadful film	" Carlito's Angels " is a spoof of " Charlie's Angels " that is not afraid to spoof even itself at times , however that does not mean that the film is above criticism by the viewers as well - it is amateurish and juvenile ( I think " fast-motion " stopped being funny around 1914 ) . The assaulting rap music often drowns out the dialogue , and the film feels longer than it is , even though it runs barely over an hour ! The girls themselves are hot & adorable , with wonderful lean bodies , and even though they never get naked , their outfits leave little to the imagination . By checking out their IMDb pages , I found out that one of them ( Alessandra Ramos ) is actually going through with a film career ; I wish her luck , because although this film is bad , she ( as well as the other girls ) gave it whatever energy it has and I wouldn't mind at all seeing her again on the screen . ( )
485825	386241	102122	3.0	Very badly acted and directed .	The actors in this laughable , straight-to-video erotic " thriller " seem to be in a competition for booby prizes . It's really hard for the viewer to decide who gives the worst performance : the stunningly untalented Tanya Roberts , the irritating and unnatural Timothy Bottoms or the amazingly unattractive , horribly miscast Margaux Hemingway ? The script tries to hold our interest by continuously adding twists and doublecrosses , but the poor acting and the amateurish direction doom this suspesnseless film . All it has going for it are some hot sex scenes with Roberts . ( )
487111	386241	82818	3.0	Frightfully slow-paced horror film	" The most repulsive , offensive , degrading , gory , depraved and horrifying movie ever made " , says a piece of a review on my DVD cover . Not even close . " I Spit On Your Grave " is more offensive . " Caligula " is more depraved . " Maniac " is gorier . And so on . After a somewhat intriguing start , this movie slows to a crawl and basically becomes one long wait until the unrevealing revelations and a gorily over-the-top climax ( though the final decapitation would be a lot more shocking even it hadn't been hinted at earlier , right from the opening scene which features a severed head ) . Ultimately , this is yet another over-hyped " video nasty " , whose ( relatively brief ) gore cannot cover up the lack of sense and originality . ( )
485698	386241	114151	3.0	This embarrassment completely misses the point of the original .	Embarrassing , totally unrelated " sequel " shamelessly degrades the original . Nobody would ever claim that " Poison Ivy " was a masterpiece , yet it had an intriguing , morbid atmosphere and offbeat , eccentric characters ; it wasn't nearly as trashy as most people believe . This " sequel " is simply a soft-core porn flick , posing as a " thriller " ( with a ludicrously out-of-the-blue violent climax ) . Still , it would be easier to accept the film as soft-core porn if it wasn't promoted as a " sequel " , and if it wasn't so extremely TEDIOUS .
486242	386241	82910	3.0	Padded but bearable .	This movie looks unpromising even before you see it : it's a sequel to a ripoff ! The first " Piranha " was nothing more than a low-rent imitation of " Jaws " , yet it was occasionally amusing and extremely bloody . This sequel contains almost equal amounts of blood , but it fails in every other department . It has a ludicrous concept ( flying piranhas ) that's a miracle it ever got filmed . It's full of tedious and murky underwater sequences ( not more tedious and murky than those in the Bond films , though ) and the running time is padded up by pointless scenes of uninteresting people wandering around and doing nothing that's worth watching . Not exactly unbearable , but still a poor film .
486700	386241	67355	3.0	Inexplicably popular Western is fairly dull throughout .	This movie is overrated , to say the least . It's not good as a comedy , and it's not good as a " serious " film either . The pacing is far too plodding for the former , and there is too much lame slapstick for the latter . The only laughs come from some of Bud Spencer's reaction shots when he becomes exasperated by his brother's behavior . The dubbing is excellent but the full-screen framing is appalling . ( )
486039	386241	140067	3.0	Pretty bad .	The miscasting is almost fatal ( Richard Grieco as a police commissioner ? ? ? Whose bright idea was that ? ) , and the storyline is painfully obvious ( we are forever waiting for the thickheaded heroine to figure out what is in clear view ) . Those two factors alone make the movie a waste of time ( and a warning to Angie Everhart fanatics : don't come here looking for nudity ) . Even if you happen to catch this on TV , viewing it will offer you nothing ; renting is simply out of the question . ( )
485897	386241	79027	3.0	Sleep-inducing .	Low-budget and low-grade horror film will only make you want to re-watch " The Predator " , just to remember how you can do this kind of stuff right . The attack sequences here are so poorly filmed that you can hardly see what's happening , and they are separated by LONG , suspenseless , pointless stretches of " plot development " ; however , the plot never really develops . A deadeningly dull flick . ( )
486875	386241	94298	3.0	She's not exactly a queen and she doesn't fight much . . .	. . . so the title ( and the video cover ) could be described as misleading . Sybil Danning does fight off a couple of attackers at the start , and does decapitate one guy with her sword later on , but that's about it . Her character ( the mistress of the Roman emperor ) barely speaks in this movie . She looks unimpressed by what is going on around her and occasionally even yawns - reflecting the audience's reactions perfectly ! Donald Pleasence , as the ruler of Pompeii , is ludicrous ; if Sybil doesn't talk enough , Donald talks too much , and at least half of his dialogue is made up from the same three words , repeated ad nauseam : " My lovely highness " . The rest of the cast includes Rick - " Deathstalker " - Hill , and a Lou Ferrigno-lookalike , and some beautiful women . The movie has literally NO PLOT - for 55 minutes we are watching these people do nothing , until it's time for Vesuvius to erupt and Pompeii to be destroyed . This climactic disaster sequence is OK for the budget standards of the movie , but it's obvious that stock footage was inserted at some points . ( )
487156	386241	113949	3.0	" Nemesis 1 " is a masterpiece compared to this !	" Nemesis 3 " featured so much recycled footage from " Part 2 " that the story didn't seem to progress at all , and the result was an essentially pointless and useless movie . So Albert Pyun attempted here to drive the series to a different direction entirely . Problem is that by now few viewers still had the patience to follow his " vision " , that had strayed so far from the original ( and , by comparison , very entertaining ) " Nemesis " . Anyway , when a movie includes flashbacks to earlier films and lengthy closing credits that replay many of the " best " scenes we just saw and STILL runs only about 77 minutes , you know something's wrong . Sue Price's rippling muscles are the sole point of interest in this ultra-cheesy , badly acted production . ( )
486847	386241	64395	3.0	The series sinks to new low .	The series that began with " The Magnificent Seven " ( which was great fun ) and continued with " Return of the Seven " ( which was nothing more than a poor imitation of the original ) sinks to new low with this long , very dull and utterly forgettable third installment . As if McQueen's absence wasn't unfortunate enough , here we have no Brynner , either . George Kennedy has taken his place , but how can we believe that he is the same character when he doesn't look even remotely like Brynner ? As for the supporting characters , they fail to stay in the memory .
485635	386241	82812	3.0	Low-grade junk .	A low-grade , junky slasher pic , both predictable and preposterous . There are two nice things one can say about it : the music score is atmospheric and there is one pretty surprising ( if irrelevant to the plot ) moment at the end . But it's still not worth your time .
486800	386241	404337	3.0	Pretentious schlock	Although this is a Belgian production , it shares a common flaw with some French fantasy / action / thriller movies : it's not satisfied with just being a good genre picture , no ; it has to be " ART " too . Therefore , we get moments of nonsensical character behavior and downright stupidity to rival any American B-movie , mixed with a tedious pretentiousness that has the characters speaking slowly and saying things like " I met her up north . . . . or was it up north ? " ( I don't know buddy , keep a note next time , alright ? ) and " I feel like a climber with an abyss below me " . The result of the mix is not pretty at all . The only redeeming features of " The Praying Mantis " are the attractive woodsy locations , and the mysterious , ethereal beauty of the female lead , Lou Broclain ( and she must be quite brave , too : at one point , she lets a real live tarantula walk all over her ! ) . Sadly , this movie appears to have killed her career before it really had a chance to flower . ( )
487437	386241	75261	3.0	Worm-like pacing . . .	Slow-moving horror film , full of stereotypical Southern morons , has a few squirm-inducing moments , but ONLY if you find worms inherently disgusting . If you don't , don't bother with this film , it's not going to change your opinion . If you do , why would you want to see it in the first place ? In any case , if you do see it , you'll probably have forgotten it an hour later . ( )
485894	386241	79631	3.0	Dreadful .	Sometimes a little-known movie can turn out to be an undiscovered treasure , but this isn't the case here ; " Nightwing " deserves to be ignored , and isn't worth your time . Lots of talk , lots of padding , few scares . A nice Mancini score and the great-looking cinematography are its only positive qualities . Skip it and re-watch " The Birds " instead . ( )
487448	386241	95173	3.0	Pathetic .	I'll put it simply : this Frankenstein spoof ( actually more of a Frankenstein travesty ) doesn't offer enough laughs to merit a recommendation . There is no plot , and there isn't enough material for a feature-length film ; as a result , there are some scenes where the actors are just sitting in front of the camera doing almost nothing , because nobody gave them something to do . The script is lame and the treatment of the Frankenstein Monster is demeaning . ( )
486841	386241	114306	3.0	Ludicrous horror movie	Well , you'd have to be pretty desperate to tolerate this stupidity , and this comes from someone who actually enjoyed " Leprechaun " ! Actually , the movie that director / writer Mark Jones mostly rips off here is " The Terminator " ! ( if you a fan , you'll recognize at least three " homages " ) . Rumpelstiltskin's puns are utterly lame ( " Now we're smoking " ) , and the male hero is incredibly irritating . However , I agree with the person who wrote that the movie's only redeeming factor is the strong , credible performance given by the actress who plays the female lead . In fact , she's so good that she doesn't fit in with the rest of the picture . ( )
486994	386241	63595	3.0	Shoddy .	Shoddy , crudely filmed biker movie with interesting role-reversal concepts , which it completely misuses ( like so many other movies ) . It reminded me a bit of " Faster Pussycat ! Kill ! Kill ! " , but it is much worse . About half the dialogue is literally impossible to understand . The decapitation scene is so bad it must be seen to be believed ; thank God someone at least remembered to put the glasses back on the severed head after it had fallen on the ground . ( )
486571	386241	222851	3.0	Shallow , badly written action / crime flick .	I haven't seen anything else from Takeshi Kitano so far , but I sure hope his fans are right about " Brother " being one of his lesser works , because frankly this is a very bad movie : shallow , choppy , often incomprehensible and gratuitously violent ( i . e , characters who have no bearing on the plot appear out of nowhere to commit violent acts just so that these violent acts can be included in the film - is there any other explanation for the " disemboweling " sequence ? ) . Kitano's script lacks depth , insight , originality and ( until the last few SECONDS ) emotion . His direction is better ; he gets in a couple of interesting shots . But as an actor , his inexpressiveness is not enjoyable ( as Eastwood's was in the spaghetti Westerns , for example ) , it is simply boring . ( )
485661	386241	90859	3.0	Not funny , just repugnant .	Stallone plays a Harry Callahan clone in this absolutely repugnant actioner and gives one of his worst , most one-note performances . Most of his lines are taken directly from " Dirty Harry " , but this is more fascist .
486765	386241	101883	3.0	Boring , cheesy , low-grade action film	In yet another case of misleading marketing , this film is included in a 10-movie DVD set called " Women Who Kick Butt " , but even in its original cover it seems to promise Shannon Tweed in an action role . Actually , during most of the movie Tweed plays the typical whiny and prissy female character who has to be rescued by the male lead , and even when she's trained in jungle warfare she still has to be dragged around by him ! There is one female rebel who is a stronger character , but she's mostly kept in the margins of the movie . The male lead is Reb Brown , and he does have some ( unintentionally , I think ) funny moments ( like when he gets electrocuted ) . The action scenes are badly directed and poorly acted : some of the stuntmen needed a few lessons on " how to get shot and die convincingly " . I suppose if you're in the right mood you can find some things in " Firing Line " to laugh at ( at one point , we can hear Tweed speaking but her lips are not moving ! ) , but mostly I was just bored . ( )
485604	386241	82136	3.0	Thin at best .	This popular 1981 movie can best be described as a flimsy excuse to string together as many gratuitous car stunts as possible . Hal Needham , an ex-stuntman , made an insipid directorial debut with " Smokey and the Bandit " in 1977 , but then also made one of Burt Reynolds ' best movies , " Hooper " , one year later . Here he's back in Square One , and Burt has rarely looked more tired . The film does have an amazing cast , but most of the actors don't have roles , they have cameos . I especially disliked Roger Moore's self-conscious spoofing of his James Bond persona , he's so much better when he plays Bond straight with a subtle sense of humor . The only performance that REALLY stands out is given by Jack Elam ; he has a perfect deranged look ! ( )
485807	386241	52077	3.0	Corny , yes . Awful , no .	This is a bad movie , no doubt about that . What really sinks it is the extremely corny dialogue - I could have swallowed the cheap effects , the director's mistakes , even the " aliens " that look , talk and behave EXACTLY like humans , if the dialogue didn't try - and fail - so much for " self-importance " . But is it the worst movie ever made ? Hardly . There is an excellent comment somewhere in this page , which suggests that saying bad things about this movie is like " kicking a helpless puppy " . That's how I feel : it may be corny and inept , but it's also harmless . It doesn't leave you feeling offended ( like , for example , " Sudden Impact " , the fourth Dirty Harry film ) , it isn't vile ( like " Scream 2 " ) , and the short running time makes it a lot less boring that it could have been . As for the unintentional laughs this movie is supposed to provide : well , there are a few ( " future events like these will affect you in the future " ) , but if you're looking for a GENUINE camp-fest , this isn't quite the right movie - go watch " The Exorcist " .
485919	386241	75382	3.0	" A Sunday in the Country " ? Take a walk in the park instead .	Words fail to adequately describe how truly boring and depressing this film is . Basically we have to sit there for 90 minutes , waiting to see whether a complete ahole will blow two other complete aholes away or not . Oh , the thrill of it all ! The performances are awful ( Borgnine sleepwalks through his part , while Pollard looks as if he was stoned throughout the shooting ) , and the editing is catastrophic . An exercise in boredom that you should avoid . ( )
485773	386241	79734	3.0	Pretty dreadful - see " A Policewoman In New York " instead	When you sit down to watch an Edwige Fenech film , you can be pretty sure about one thing : she will get naked at least once or twice . And although it's always a pleasure to see Edwige naked ( or dressed , for that matter ) , what really makes one of her films worth watching or not is the context in which she gets naked . Her " Policewoman " films can be a nice break from her terrified-potential-victim ( in her gialli ) and her mindless-sex-object ( in her other sex comedies ) roles ; she can be in charge for once . But this particular film is largely dominated by painfully buffoonish slapstick . Of course , if you consider a lot of stuttering , mugging , cross-dressing and falling-down to be the apex of hilarity , you'll have a field day . Others will be better off tracking down the next chapter in the series , " A Policewoman In New York " : the gags there are funnier , the fights are better ( Edwige actually gets the chance to defend herself and throw punches ) , and the locations ( N . Y seen through Italian eyes ) are more interesting . ( )
487526	386241	95060	3.0	Worthless .	Dumb trifle about a nerd who becomes an irresistible stud after two aliens ( one of them in the form of a sexy schoolteacher ) test a curious elixir on him . The fact that this movie occasionally seems to be DELIBERATELY bad doesn't make it any better ; even lots of gratuitous female nudity can't save it from being a waste of time . ( )
486599	386241	101744	3.0	Kindergarten-level filmmaking .	This movie is so hopelessly inept , that if it was played in a more tongue-in-cheek manner it might have been considerable fun . Now , it's just corny . The sex scenes are reasonably stylish , but are arbitrarily thrown into various parts of the film , usually under the least likely circumstances . As for the action , there isn't even one minute of genuine danger or suspense . If the villain , played by Pat Morita ( ! ) wasn't so show-offy , there wouldn't have been a movie , either . Don't do it . ( )
487060	386241	161083	3.0	Mediocre comedy .	The basic idea is not bad , but it becomes monotonous . The script is busy , but unfunny . The characters are played by capable comedians , but they range from merely unlikable criminals to truly offensive stereotypes ( low points : each and every appearance of the gay detective , always accompanied by his own " gay " music theme ) . And this film is an almost complete dud . It became a laughing stock upon its release , because of its unfortunate title ; sadly , this was the only way it managed to inspire any laughter in people . ( )
486294	386241	117177	3.0	Couldn't be any worse	Fred Williamson , one of the two or three top blaxploitation stars . Cynthia Rothrock , one of the two or three top American female action stars . Imagine a film with these two together for the first time ! Now imagine THE WORST film that could possibly be made with these two together for the first time . Welcome to " Night Vision " . Of course , this movie was made in 1997 and they were both past their prime , but that doesn't mean they didn't have what it takes anymore - they just needed the help of good writing and direction . They got neither here . Rothrock does get to throw a couple of kicks near the end , but this film is so atrocious that you probably won't be awake to see them . ( )
486592	386241	63678	3.0	As meaningless and pretentious as its title .	Impenetrable , confusing , ponderous allegory ( allegory about what ? ) that will be praised mostly by those who are afraid that if they say anything bad about a Pasolini film , they may be perceived as viewers unable to appreciate " great art " . The actors recite their lines mechanically , lifelessly , giving absolutely no hint of interaction between them , and the " heavenly " music tries to give meaning and purpose to scenes that don't have any . Anyway , if you consider the spectacle of a middle-aged man running around naked on some hills " arty " , then you may like this . ( )
486410	386241	86383	3.0	Profoundly offensive .	The fourth " Dirty Harry " installment , and probably the worst one . Actually , this must be one of Clint Eastwood's worst films in general . In some of his other outings , like " Tightrope " , Eastwood seems to try out new things and to avoid presenting his characters as stereotypes . In this one , you get the feeling that he made the whole film just for the money . Aside from being overlong , predictable and repellently violent , this film is also profoundly offensive . We are asked to identify with Locke's character , who is cold-bloodedly killing her rapists one-by-one , to approve of Callahan's methods and to laugh at the " dumbos " who disapprove of those methods . Eastwood really goes over the line in this one , and the ending is particularly offensive .
485835	386241	117188	3.0	Not as good as the first .	This sequel to the 1994 actioner " No Contest " ( which I enjoyed much more than I expected to ) is a much inferior film . The fight scenes are not badly choreographed , but all the rest is just SO stereotypical and familiar . Shannon Tweed still is up to the game , but Lance Henriksen does his usual " psychotic villain " number , and we're not impressed anymore . ( )
487468	386241	66735	3.0	A yawner from Argento .	Dario Argento tries to use the camera inventively and playfully , but even all the gimmicks in the world couldn't have saved this excruciatingly dull thriller . The uninteresting plot moves slowly and gets increasingly ridiculous , reaching a real low point when the murdered is revealed and explains his / her motives ( they are just as unconvincing as their delivery ) . The film has a stunning final sequence , but until it gets there you may have already lost your patience . ( )
486020	386241	110255	3.0	Some good fighting ; otherwise garbage	At first , I was hopeful : here is an Albert Pyun movie about a fighting tournament that DOESN'T involve cyborgs or post-apocalyptic wastelands , so there will be fewer distractions from the fighting . Tough luck : Pyun finds a way to screw it up again , with ridiculous one-man-defeats-twenty brawls , gratuitous nudity , inexplicable and laughably out-of-place sex scenes , torture , etc . The movie picks up only during the tournament itself , WHEN Pyun remembers to keep his camera focused on the fighters , that is . As others have said , the guy who plays Tong Po wears so much eye makeup that he looks as if he just stepped out of a " beauty " saloon . Michelle " Mouse " Krasnoo shows potential , however ; I wouldn't mind seeing her again , in a better movie . ( )
486523	386241	79362	3.0	B-Grade all the way , but what a cast !	This flick has one of the most incredible casts ever assembled for a B-movie ! You've got Christopher Lee , Donald Pleasence ( fresh from " Halloween " ) , Barbara Bach ( former Bond Girl ) , Woody Strode ( those who've seen " Spartacus " aren't likely to have forgotten him ) , Capucine ( Inspector Clouseau's wife in " Pink Panther " ) , even the legendary director John Huston ( not his first useless supporting role ; remember " Tentacles " ? ) . Unfortunately , none of those performers get a chance to stand out and do anything memorable , the story is confusing ( although the main villain's " hidden " identity is easy to guess ) and karate expert Lewis , who stars , knows all the right moves but has little acting charisma . ( )
487228	386241	82378	3.0	Senseless and unpleasant .	Uneven pacing ( too slow at first , then too rushed ) and senseless plot ( not even a hint is given about the killer's motivation ) spoil what could have been a quite watchable " Friday the 13th " ripoff . The result is much more unpleasant than entertaining .
486253	386241	110329	3.0	So bad it makes the first one look like a masterpiece .	This isn't really a sequel to the first " Leprechaun " , it's more of a " Nightmare on Elm Street " wannabe , as the title character appears to possess magical powers that far exceed those he had in the original . It's a meaner and gorier film , but at the same time an even more boneheaded one ; there are some insultingly stupid moments ( particularly the two " red herrings " , which may make you stop watching it right then and there ) . Overall , even bad-movie lovers may have some trouble with this one . ( )
486062	386241	94850	3.0	Very poorly thought-out horror film .	John Buechler proves again , two years after " Troll " , that having good special effects in your film DOES NOT automatically mean you have a good film . He may be very good at his main craft ( makeup effects for horror pictures ) , but his storytelling abilities are limited , to say the least . Actually , most of the blame here should go to the bad script , which has no consistency or logic ; for example , at first the monster ( which looks mostly like a werewolf ) is brought to life by the drawings of a cartoonist and can do only what is depicted in her pictures , but later it can move and kill freely and the comic book pages are drawn by themselves ! At another point , the old lady that runs the mansion inexplicably turns into the monster ! The mansion itself is supposed to be a place for young aspiring artists , yet a would-be private detective also lives there ! Ah , forget it . ( )
486359	386241	70694	3.0	It doesn't deserve its great title .	Amateurishly directed , heavy-handedly edited and confusingly put together , this low-budget horror film has only a few frightening and gory scenes to keep you awake . SPOILER - The following note is only for those who've already seen the film - or never WANT to see it . By my calculations , the mad killer in the movie is about 80 years old ( ! ! ) , and homicidal lunatics have passed off as normal , trustworthy people for about 40 years . Talk about a preposterous plot . . . ( )
487185	386241	105881	3.0	Dreadful	Martian supercop chases Martian supervillain to Earth , and Yukari Oshima's special forces unit has to deal with them - and with warring criminal gangs on the side . " Ultracop 2000 " epitomizes nearly everything that can be bad about Hong Kong cinema - sloppy direction , incoherent script , lowbrow humor , obvious and silly wirework , jerky editing , etc . - while offering very little of the good - a few nice explosions and stunts that barely earn this film out of 4 stars . A word of advice : if you know someone who has never seen a HK film before , please don't let " Ultracop 2000 " be his / her first one or he / she may never want to see another one again ! A sad waste of Yukari Oshima , who deserves better than this .
486783	386241	91012	3.0	Grade-Z post-apocalyptic flick	If there is one thing I appreciate about director Cirio H . Santiago , it's that he seems to like strong female characters and includes them in many of his films . In " Equalizer 2000 " we have the sexy Corinne Wahl , who handles her guns with proficiency and adds the only spice to the film . The lead is Richard Norton , whose ( considerable , if you watch any of his HK work ) talents are largely wasted in a few poorly filmed fights , and who is a total blank as a character ( more the script's fault than his own ) . The action scenes are uninteresting and unexciting - chaotic battles between armies of anonymous people whom we don't know or care about . There is just very little worth seeing in this film , and almost all of it comes from Wahl . Even with her , however , your best option is to skip it . ( )
487291	386241	63977	3.0	Women-in-prison schlock .	Surprisingly tame ( at least in the version I saw , titled " Island of Despair " ) , boring schlock from Jess Franco , whose direction is , once again , pretty terrible ( example : we get a flashback regarding the events that led a VERY MINOR supporting character to prison - and Franco inexplicably keeps it going for about 20 minutes ! ) . Luciana Paluzzi's role is little more than a cameo . ( )
487089	386241	21015	3.0	A real dud from Hitchcock .	A stagy , extremely talky and deadeningly dull early Hitchcock film . If you thought that this director was unable to make a film so dull that it's practically impossible to sit through , this one will force you to re-examine your opinion . This failure is forgivable , of course : Hitchcock was still very young , and he was working with unsuitable ( for him ) material , on a very low budget . But the picture is definitely not worth seeing , unless you're a Hitchcock completist .
486377	386241	94837	3.0	Inept	This blatant AIDS allegory ( ok , we get it , we don't need to see the entire cast wrapped in plastic throughout the movie ) , is inept and put together with no filmmaking skill ( don't trust me , trust the facts : Nathan J . White hasn't directed another film since 1987 ) . It is set in a provincial town stereotypically inhabited by ignorant hicks who , in a crisis situation , turn into bloodthirsty madmen . And after the initial pretenses of seriousness , the film turns " comic " and silly . Oh , and if you can't afford convincing special effects , why bother pretending that gruesome deaths occur , only to keep them off-screen ? ( )
487297	386241	90944	3.0	A complete waste of time .	Truly terrible , pretentious , endless film . Director Bellocchio seems to be infatuated with the pretty face and figure of his actress Detmers - and who can blame him ? But maybe , just maybe , he should have focused his attention a little more on making a good , engaging film . I hate it when a sex film poses as an " art film " just to become more " respectable " . The frequent , occasionally hot sex scenes are the only reason for this movie's existence . Whether or not they are worth sitting through the rest of the picture is strictly a matter of taste . ( )
486514	386241	94835	3.0	For undiscriminating girls-and-guns fans only	Oliver Reed ( cashing another paycheck and having a nice vacation at the same time , I presume ) plays a powerful ex-general / drug dealer / dictator of a fictional South American country , who kidnaps the daughter of his long-time nemesis Robert Vaughn , along with a bunch of other college girls , and keeps them captive on his camp in the middle of a jungle . He threatens to kill them if the US government doesn't release his son , who is imprisoned in America . But four of the girls manage to steal some machine guns and use them to escape , and Reed has to track them down before they find a radio and expose his location . " Fair Trade " is near-rock-bottom girls-and-guns fare . The girls themselves are brave , athletic and defiant , and their " leader " ( Lisa Rinna ) is a beauty . But their expertise in guns , knives and explosives ( and the similar expertise of two male geologists they meet later ) is never explained - the believability of the whole story is nil . Action scenes and production values are nothing much to speak of , either . This film is recommended only to the most undiscriminating fans of the genre . ( )
487021	386241	86143	3.0	Terrible movie . . . steamy seduction scene	The luminous and talented Phoebe Cates wallows in this embarrassing non-movie , which is not worth seeing from beginning to end ( why ? well , for starters , there is no script and no direction ) , but DOES have some scenes that are worth seeing , even worth taping perhaps : you guessed it , I'm talking about the scenes involving Betsy Russell's impressive physical assets . For once , a case of hype that is well deserved . ( )
487429	386241	226919	3.0	Every bit as bad as " Crocodile " .	" It's not like that big mechanical toy " , says a character early on , commenting on " Jaws " . Well , " Blood Surf " would only wish to have a beast as convincing as the shark of the " Jaws " series . In other words , the digital special effects of this movie are TERRIBLE . Acting and directing are not much better , either ; they seem more suited to a deodorant or a bubble-gum commercial than to a horror movie . The attitude of the people who worked on this film shows contempt not only for the genre , but for the audience too . Saying you " liked " this film only encourages filmmakers to offer us more of this crap , further destroying the poor horror genre . ( )
487305	386241	94752	3.0	Dull mess .	" Black Roses " is a forgettable , low-budget thriller , which looks inevitably dated today , since its premise links - in a superficial way - rock music with evil demons who want to control the minds of teenagers . The effects are weird-looking and amusingly cheap , although there is more nudity than gore . The film's major problem is its messy storytelling , which has no center to help us get involved . >
486869	386241	70423	4.0	Shoddy yet somewhat creepy .	Mostly dry and boring horror film , with shoddy special effects - yet quite creepy if you let your imagination do the film's work for you . It all seems quite disturbing on paper ( mutated man-plants , sideshow " freaks " , etc . ) , but the film's only real merit is another good performance by the ever-reliable Donald Pleasence . For a genuinely engrossing and dramatic " mutation picture " , I recommend the original " Fly " ( 1958 ) . ( )
486024	386241	91326	4.0	Pretty dull .	The weak , meandering script is the major - but not the only - flaw of this pretty dull sequel to " Karate Kid " . The pacing is lethargic , but it's not director Avildsen's fault : this script , where almost nothing happens , could only sustain a movie about 30 minutes long . Until the well-done climactic fight , this film isn't exciting at all .
486378	386241	91338	4.0	Too much " Party " and not enough " Killer " .	After a totally disposable first hour , you will be " rewarded " with a rapid succession of gore-less murders and a growling , bumbling demon . In other words , this is one of the worst of the many 80's slashers . The only reason it rates higher than " Zero " is that the three main female characters are fairly likable .
487083	386241	65134	4.0	A bummer .	Well , Eastwood's rich career has its low points , too , and this 1970 bummer certainly qualifies as one of those . It's a dull and disappointing Western . The main problem is the thoroughly uninvolving story - so uninvolving , in fact , that it makes you wonder why exactly the filmmakers chose to tell it and if they thought it had any interest whatsoever . Eastwood himself is OK and occasionally enjoyable , but MacLaine is horribly miscast .
486071	386241	87903	4.0	Strange .	Moronic sex-adventure-comedy with a disconnected script that takes you from one place to another following no logic or pattern , and a certain undeniably trashy imagination ( a four-way fighting match between women wearing heavy-yet-revealing armors ) . Tawny Kitaen is beautiful , but she can't act worth a damn . Check out Monique Gabrielle's work in " Deathstalker II " to see how a " deliberately " bad yet lively performance is supposed to be done in this kind of film . ( )
486060	386241	325214	4.0	Not an atrocious horror film , just a generic one	" Curse of the Forty-Niner " doesn't really deserve a long and detailed review , so I'll just make some random observations about it : - Cool opening credits . - No plot . - Is there anyone who's ever seen a horror film before and can't guess , within the first 20 minutes , who will survive and who will not among this group of walking stereotypes ? - Hey , that newcomer ( Alexandra Ford ) is pretty hot ! - Richard Lynch ( made-up to look about 100 years old ) and John Phillip Law have fun , tongue-in-cheek cameos . - Karen Black has a bigger role , but she's not fun - she's rather embarrassing . - Martin Kove is on-screen for about 40 seconds , but still got his name on the video cover . Did they pay him for this appearance or was it the other way around ? - I hate cheap computer-generated effects in horror films . out of 4 .
486411	386241	91178	4.0	Unredeemable .	" Haunted Honeymoon " suffers from a classic case of " all setup , no payoff " . It keeps introducing new eccentric characters , then drops them and gives them nothing to do . It has a promising ( and game ) cast , but wastes it . And it can't seem to find a consistent tone ; for example , that brutal fistfight near the end is an unforgivable mistake . The film does have a few scattered laughs ( Wilder's version of the song " Get Happy " ) , and Gilda Radner has a wonderful presence , but nothing can really redeem this confusing and convoluted mess .
487427	386241	130192	4.0	Sluggish thriller .	Albert Pyun's directing seems to be improving with age . This is a perfectly respectable thriller , a movie that you would hesitate to call " inept " in any way - unless of course you're a personal enemy of Pyun's . However , it's also a bit too long and sluggish , and not as exciting as it should be . It jumps to life only occasionally ( mainly in the chase scenes ) . Charlie Sheen is not very convincing as a boozing , worn-out , depressed yet brilliant writer / ex-detective ; he's both too young and too clean-cut for such a role . ( )
486659	386241	70578	4.0	Disappointing thriller .	The ambitious script deserves some credit for the way it keeps intercutting the past with the present tense , a technique that results in some intriguing effects ; in one scene we see somebody killed , in the next scene there he is , moving and talking ! But , the pace of the film is plodding , the performances detached and completely unengaging ( or maybe the characters are detached and completely unengaging ; in any case , you don't sympathize with them ) , the direction too " arty " ( for example , a driving scene with no dialogue runs about five minutes , while one of Karen Black's " melancholy " songs plays on the soundtrack ) . Plus , the VHS print I saw was SEVERELY damaged . ( )
486620	386241	91223	4.0	Low-rent .	Low-rent horror movie with an illogical plot and particularly unconvincing Vietnam flashbacks ( it was all-too-obvious that they were filmed in a studio set ) . Some good comic moments ( especially the hero's meeting with the female neighbour ) can't save this film .
485761	386241	221218	4.0	Overlong and transparent .	It has been said before , but I came to the same conclusion so it must be said again : if you've seen the trailer , you've seen the movie . Super-glossy image , decent acting ( though I find Sobieski pretty boring as a lead ) and a good , minimalist music score can't do much when the clumsy screenplay has so many conveniences ( the heroine seems to have a mysterious knack for being in the right place at the right time to see / hear / find everything she needs to piece the truth together ) . The only well-handled aspect of the film is the subtle sexual tension between Sobieski and Skarsgard , but this sub-plot is soon dropped . ( )
485762	386241	78259	4.0	A curio . . . and a DUD .	I can't believe that some people actually made sense out of this incomprehensible picture . I just watched it for the second time and I didn't understand a thing . The whole movie is so nonsensical and murky that I wonder if the FILMMAKERS understood a thing . Because I suspect they didn't , and that's what the " artsy " direction tried to cover up . Weird enough to be a curio ( and many will be curious about the Shouting scene ) , " The Shout " is nevertheless a murky DUD .
487471	386241	73918	4.0	Languid thriller .	This was probably intended as an " arty " crime thriller , but it fails on both counts - there are few thrills and not enough substance . The plodding pacing makes it hard to sit through , and the occasional action scenes are too sloppily edited and confusingly staged to offer much compensation . At least the level of acting is high . ( )
486815	386241	105059	4.0	Obvious and predictable .	Sweet Helen Hunt is better for bland Andrew McCarthy than sexy-but-bitchy and thoughtless Kelly Preston , but it takes him the entire movie to figure that out . This painfully predictable comedy tries to delay the inevitable by coming up with a series of forced scenes and situations , and it's also visually dreary , despite the potentially majestic locations . I think Hunt is the best thing in the picture . ( )
485788	386241	95556	4.0	Cannibalism and incest - in a light tone !	A strange mix of traditional-80s , smartassy , Chevy Chase-type , " every - ten - lines - you - get - a - funny - one " farce and sickie black comedy . Mildly amusing in spots , but utterly tasteless . There is a skiing sequence that includes the fakest-looking back-projections since " On Her Majesty's Secret Service " . ( )
485893	386241	95583	4.0	Nothing you haven't seen before . . .	" Maniac Cop " is made with enough skill to be watchable , but don't look for anything even remotely original or creative here . It's formulaic stuff , just another pretty basic slice-and-dice entry . It probably had been a quite ambitious project , with an indestructible killer in the Michael Myers - Freddy Krueger tradition , but the result is thoroughly routine . ( )
486327	386241	167165	4.0	Colorful - but still terrible - Franco spy porn	" Blue Rita " is more or less what you'd expect from a Jess Franco film : very explicit - very kinky - very strange - very incoherent - very bad . The plot , as far as I could say , is about some Parisian strippers who double as secret agents : they kidnap enemy ( whose enemy ? Never mind ) spies and use sexual torture methods to make them " talk " . To give Franco credit , the production design is colorful and the cinematography is often striking . But the editing is incompetent and the pace is deadly . What puzzles me is how Franco convinced so many young women in his films to bare everything and be treated as pieces of meat by the camera , but I guess the men don't come off much better either . Still , if you just want to stare at naked women on the screen " Blue Rita " will do the job . . . . but so will many other AND better films . ( )
486935	386241	83960	4.0	Utterly predictable .	Before you start viewing an early Chuck Norris flick , you certainly don't have particularly high expectations ; you just want to kill two hours painlessly . " Forced Vengeance " is an utterly predictable , formulaic , often boring action film , yet it generally accomplishes its mission . Norris is as stiff as ever , of course , and there are plenty of hokey fight sequences , often filmed in slow-motion , although I can't quite understand the necessity of that " gimmick " .
486914	386241	217756	4.0	Get ready for another lame comedy .	Totally misguided " comedy " that has a stupid premise ( basically ripped off from " Rocky III " ) , mostly lame jokes and an overabundance of " comic " violence ( the filmmakers apparently considered the kicks-to-the-groin as their funniest gags ; they even showed us the outtakes of the kicks in the end credits ) . And Oliver Platt is ludicrously miscast as " The King " ; obviously , the role should have gone to a real wrestler , unless the filmmakers didn't want us to take the whole " comeback " scenario seriously , which apparently they did . At least the picture is energetic and fast-paced enough to avoid being boring . ( )
486194	386241	132414	4.0	End of the line for Mimi Lesseos ' film career	" Magnificent Mimi " ' s acting is not so bad for a former pro-wrestler , but I still think it would've been a better idea for her to try more escapist fare if she wanted to break into the movie industry . The domestic abuse angle is distasteful when it is used not by a serious dramatic picture but by a cheap B-movie programmer such as this . And since Mimi made her living as a wrestler and not as a martial artist , it's not surprising that the fight scenes ( which are few and far between anyway ) that work best are those that are wrestling-orientated . Overall , " Personal Vendetta " is a rather dreary and predictable movie , but it does have its high spots , the highest of which is probably Mimi fighting in her lingerie . ( )
487259	386241	91603	4.0	Familiar and sleazy .	" The Naked Cage " is a textbook anthology of " Women-In-Prison Drama " cliches ( innocent heroine , sadistic warden , lesbianism , catfights , stabbings , riots , etc . ) . Watching it , you feel as if you're wallowing in a cesspool , and the fact that leading actress Shari Shattuck is not believable for a minute certainly doesn't help matters . At least Christina Whitaker is spirited and fun as the " wild " Rita . ( )
485992	386241	801349	4.0	The film drags , but Lorin Becker looks GREAT in a bikini	" Triple Threat " opens with a busty female assassin lounging by the pool , where she receives a call and accepts one last assignment . This beginning ( along with the DVD cover ) teases the viewer with the promise of some girls-with-guns action , but , much like many Andy Sidaris movies , this one promises more than it is ready to deliver ( the assassin spends most of the movie driving around on her bike and doing high-tech computer stuff ) . The problem is not the direction : the film has a reasonably professional look , considering its very low budget . The problem is the script : it has WAY too much filler in it , and the film d-r-a-g-s unbelievably . I see no reason why it had to run 94 minutes , it should have been at least 15 minutes shorter . The good news is that the lead , Lorin Becker , is assured , beautiful and likable , and even though some of the excuses Vasconcellos finds to put her in a bikini are absurd , she looks so good in it it's hard to complain , especially if you appreciate full-figured women . ( )
486433	386241	202267	4.0	Invincible heroes are boring	Well , in response to the previous comment , I am a martial arts fan and I did not like this movie . The main reason is stated in my one-line summary : when the hero slaughters anonymous opponents by the dozen , as he often does here , it's not exciting - it's boring . There are only two good fight scenes in this movie : the one with the bald guy and the last one . These are the only ones where the villains put up much of a fight . As for the " no wires or special effects were used in the fight scenes " disclaimer , well , they used a lot of camera effects which in martial arts films is almost the same thing as special effects , as for the " no wires " part , it would be a lot more impressive if the lead ( or anyone else ) actually did anything that REQUIRES wires in the first place . Don't get me wrong , he obviously has the moves , but he doesn't do anything that I haven't seen before from guys like , say , Keith Cooke . The script is ambitious but ultimately silly , and the direction is often clueless as to how to shoot a fight scene . The actress who plays the hero's love interest packs a mean right punch - I'd like to see her again . ( )
486181	386241	325560	4.0	Not too bad for what it is - no-budget shot-on-video fare	I watched " High Kicks " as part of the 10-movie DVD set called " Women Who Kick Butt " . No doubt if that's the first film of the set you watch you'll be disappointed , but if you watch it ( like me ) after such atrocities as " Death Run To Istanbul " or " Flight To Danger " it seems comparatively better . The female lead takes her role very seriously and gives a convincing emotional and physical performance ( she was stunt-doubled in some scenes by Michelle " Mouse " Krasnoo ) . The acting of the men sucks , but at least they seem to know what they're doing when it comes to martial arts . And although the film was cheaply shot on video , the camera-work is decent . Of course there are a lot of things that could be improved . The script is short on logic ( how do they always manage to find the villains so easily ? ) , the fight choreography is sometimes clumsy , and there should have been more action - the climactic fight , for example , should have been longer than 1 minute ! ( )
487260	386241	65398	4.0	Exceptionally boring film . ( SPOILERS )	Moderately interesting but maddeningly slow and ultimately sleep-inducing thriller , set in the desolate highways of rural France . Starts off promisingly enough , but then it takes AGES for anything important to happen . The last 30 minutes are essentially a looooong , silent chase , and we are about 90 % sure that the supposed villain is not really the villain . The remaining 10 % is not enough to make the chase suspenseful . ( )
487218	386241	160401	4.0	Familiar cop drama .	The title is a misnomer ; " In Too Deep " is shallow and rushed . There isn't one original idea to be found anywhere in this film ; you'll recognize scenes taken from movies you haven't even seen ! The " beginning-at-the-end " structure eliminates most of the suspense as well . But if you insist on watching the film , be sure to rent the DVD version with optional English subtitles , because only about 50 % of the dialogue is comprehensible . ( )
487527	386241	87722	4.0	Incredibly boring .	This was the first Debra Winger performance I didn't like , and I've seen quite a few . She seems kind of enervated , but then again , who can blame her ? This whole MOVIE is enervated . The plot is uncompelling , the " love story " that motivates the heroine is emotionally uninvolving and unconvincing , and the result is certainly a big comedown for Winger , one year after her brilliant work in the much better " Terms of Endearment " . ( )
487209	386241	91647	4.0	Half-baked .	If Brosnan somehow transferred his memories to Lesley-Anne Down , then why do we mostly get a third-person's point-of-view of his life in the flashbacks , with only brief and random intervals of his own point-of-view ? It may sound like a small quibble , but think about it and you'll see that the device simply doesn't make any sense . McTiernan fails to bring out the supernatural elements of the Nomads ( who come off looking more like your standard street punks - " they don't live anywhere , they don't work anywhere , they resort to violence at the slightest provocation " ) , and the movie drags . The ultimate point seems to be that Brosnan's character should never have bothered thinking about The Nomads , just as you shouldn't bother watching this film . ( )
486908	386241	95294	4.0	Matchlessly gory .	If you watch this one for the first time unprepared , you may actually feel sick to your stomach ( I know I did ) . There is a self-mutilation scene , early on , that goes far beyond anything you've ever seen in , say , " Day of the Dead " or " Maniac " . If you manage to sit through that , you'll probably be able to sit through the rest of the film , though it's not really worth it . The gore here is mostly gratuitous and the story pretty weak , making little sense and ending without a proper resolution . Many fans of the series were displeased with the introduction of " the human side " of the Cenobites , but frankly it's the one fresh angle the filmmakers managed to come up with , to give the film whatever reason for existence it has . ( )
487143	386241	70297	4.0	Who dreamt this up ?	Maybe it's partly because I saw it late at night , but this film plays like someone's feverous bad dream . Peter Cushing is the only actor who lends a degree of seriousness and dignity in what is essentially incoherent ( even in its original , 89-minute form ) , loopy garbage . And where exactly had the vampires and the zombies been training in martial arts and swashbuckling ? Is there a " Special Karate School For The Undead " ? ? ( )
487391	386241	100926	4.0	Terminally dull .	A terminally dull mystery-thriller , which may sound pretty sound theoretically but plays out very poorly . The ludicrous script is full of ( MINOR SPOILER ) people dying and then coming back to life when the plot requires them to , and the director doesn't seem able to work up any energy and suspense . The gooey sequence that kind of " explains " the film's title is the only halfway memorable one in this tiresome film . ( )
486184	386241	100917	4.0	The wheels of boredom .	Pretty dull thriller . The director chooses an " arty " approach with lots of slow-motion sequences , " poetic " music and minimal dialogue , and it doesn't work . The characters have no personality , the script is virtually non-existent and the suspense is deflated by the fact that the " evil " car's driver ( or the evil car itself ) has plenty of opportunities to get away from the heroine who chases him , but keeps returning to do battle with her as if he has some scores to settle ( we never find out what they might be ) . While you're watching this movie , don't be surprised if your mind starts going elsewhere , like into thinking what's for dinner or the next day's chores . ( )
485907	386241	83803	4.0	These " Games " are no fun . . .	I somehow thought this movie would turn out to be an undiscovered treasure , but no such luck ! Visually murky and poorly plotted , this is basically an oh-so-familiar retread of " Halloween " , though the director shows some talent and tries to surpass the limitations of the script . The lousy ending does not help . ( )
486379	386241	83801	4.0	For rat-movie completists only .	There's too much filler between the unexceptional attack scenes , but the special effects work better than you'd expect , considering their " infamous " and peculiar history . A fun bit of trivia that nobody else here mentioned : Robert Clouse , who made this film , was also the director of the last Bruce Lee vehicle , " Game of Death " , clips of which we watch during the extended scene in the movie theater . ( )
486148	386241	52378	4.0	Acceptable hokum .	This movie may have a strange after-effect on you ; it's so short in length ( only 68 minutes ) and so trivial , that two or three hours after you've seen it , you may have forgotten everything about it . As a sequel . . . . well , it's about on a par with the original . There is no attempt at character development this time around , but the special effects are SLIGHTLY better . Painless hokum . ( )
485884	386241	206334	4.0	If this is the new generation of Hong Kong action cinema , I'll stick with the old one . . .	. . . and here's why : 1 ) The plot is an overlong , unengaging mess2 ) The action scenes are generic ( mostly shootouts in which it's often hard to tell who's shooting at whom , and special effects-enhanced explosions ) . 3 ) The fight scenes are brief and overedited . There is one girl ( Grace Yip ) that appears to be a better fighter than the three male leads , and where is she during the climactic fight ? Nowhere to be seen ! 4 ) 15 years after the " Lucky Stars " series , Eric Tsang is still providing the same kind of lame-brained " comic relief " . Isn't it time for this guy to give it a rest ? Two spectacular sky-diving sequences are all I'll remember from this one . . . and yes , it's easy to see why the very handsome Nicholas Tse has so many female fans . out of 4 .
485596	386241	91499	4.0	Disappointing	This film had a potentially very interesting concept ( all the machines go on a homicidal rampage ) , but didn't exploit very well . Actually , it did for a while , in some quite inventive scenes ( the " violent " soda machine provides the film's most memorable moment ) , but then falls into a repetitive pattern - trucks keep circling around the truck station , attacking intermittently , and the tension never builds . You'd expect to see a lot more cool and varied scenes like the early ones , but this film is actually very limited in scope . ( )
487422	386241	95312	4.0	Complete ( intentional ) crap . Very talky too .	Incredibly cheap , incredibly talky horror comedy that's amusing in the schlockiest way imaginable . It's one of those films that are known as " deliberately " bad ( like " Attack Of The Killer Tomatoes " ) , which means they are easier to take than films that were meant to be good and turned out bad . . . . but they're still bad films , make no mistake about that . This one has a sense of humor that makes " Naked Gun " look subtle ( the private detective / hero : " I guess being a dick is a 24-hour job " ) , but unfortunately not quite as many laughs . ( )
486437	386241	286484	4.0	Hey , pal , hold the camera steady !	Beautiful LAPD detective Amber Smith and her male partner investigate a series of murders that appear to have been committed by a serial killer known as " The Baptist " . But Smith had already killed " The Baptist " one year earlier . Did she kill the wrong man or is this the work of a copycat ? In the course of the investigation , Smith and her partner have an encounter with an eccentric female sex therapist , and that whole sequence seems totally absurd at the time , but it builds some sexual tension between the two women which later erupts in a VERY HOT lesbian scene in the therapist's luxurious pool . If this movie is worth renting at all , it is for that scene alone . Smith is less than believable as a cop , but she's not aggressively bad . The real problem with " Crime Scene " is that it has been badly overdirected . The rapid zooms , the freeze-frames , the shaky camera and all those other gimmicks that DellaBarre uses call attention to themselves and add nothing to the film . Really annoying - and DellaBarre doesn't let up on it for a minute . Maybe he thought he was the next Oliver Stone or something . ( )
486145	386241	69890	4.0	Routine	This is a thoroughly routine blaxploitation feature , with clumsily edited and often unconvincing fight scenes , an imposing but unsexy female lead , a hammy and nearly ludicrous villainess ( played by Shelley Winters ) , and generally a very dated " feel " about it . About the only thing that keeps it going is some colorful " jive talk " , on behalf of some supporting characters . ( )
486650	386241	118137	4.0	Werewolves make such bad drivers !	Inept acting ( Adrianna Miles is the worst offender - she does have a nice body though ; Richard Lynch is the only one who seems to believe in what he's saying ) , awful music score ( mostly funereal violin music ) , bad editing and a pointless script ( almost as pointless as this comment ) make this a weak addition to the Werewolf subgenre . Not THE weakest , however , and certainly not the 14th worst film ever made ( as its currently ranked on IMDB ) ; even some of the " Howling " sequels are worse than this . ( )
487027	386241	74285	4.0	One of De Palma's worst films actually .	Brian De Palma directs a script based on a Stephen King novel : the ingredients for a guaranteed success are there , but somehow the final product turns out to be hugely disappointing . I usually like De Palma's wild and over-the-top style , but this movie is just annoyingly overdirected , with endless gimmicks used simply to stretch out a thin story to 94 minutes . Piper Laurie's character is such an unbelievable caricature of a religious fanatic that her scenes are practically insufferable . And there are some truly UNFORGIVABLE scenes : John Travolta and Nancy Allen " talking " in a car ( their dialogue is unbelievably bad ) , three guys trying out tuxedos ( a part of the scene is filmed in a way that will make think you pressed the " fast-forward " button ) , the voyeuristic opening sequence , etc . . . As for the famous " shock " at the end , believe me , you WON'T be shocked . ( )
486772	386241	64622	4.0	Terrible .	Hmm , I wonder under the influence of which mind-altering drug the screenwriters were when they concocted this . . . . thing . It does have a couple of moderately funny bits ( the auction scene ) , but mostly it's just a shapeless , disjointed , self-conscious , overly " eccentric " comedy . Recommended only for fans of movies like " Casino Royale " . ( )
485911	386241	87428	4.0	Almost crap .	They try for something weird , bizarre , unique in this film , but it all goes disastrously wrong - the weirdness seems forced . Right from the opening five minutes you realize that you're stuck for two - seemingly interminable - hours with a collection of unappealing characters and dreary situations , in a movie with a sense of humor that can be described as " self-conscious " at best . There are some interesting moments , of course , but most of the many famous performers are pitifully wasted . ( )
486033	386241	87425	4.0	Hot Dog . . . . The Music Video .	Yet another inane mid-80s teen comedy , this one more sexually explicit than most . Some good skiing stunts , lots of ethnic stereotypes and frequent ( well , two or three actually , but those are more than enough ) cameo appearances by the boom mike . If you think about renting this strictly because of Tweed's presence , here's a clue : rent one of her later films instead . Not only does she look much more beautiful in those , but her acting has also improved . ( )
486196	386241	113341	4.0	Sophia Shinas turns this nothing movie into a something movie	Beautiful , smart , dangerous , ruthless , tai-chi practicing Sophia Shinas is pretty much the only bright spot of this dud . For the story to have any chance of being less than absolutely ludicrous , we have to believe that the male lead can clearly see that the right thing to do is run away from this woman , but he is unable to do so because she is simply irresistible . And thanks to Shinas ' presence , we believe it . The rest of the movie though . . . . C . Thomas Howell is bland until maybe the last 5 minutes , and the plot couldn't be any more predictable . And don't be deceived by some famous names mentioned on the video box ( Kiefer Sutherland , Timothy Bottoms , Lou Diamond Phillips ) , they all have essentially cameos . ( )
485630	386241	286594	4.0	" Doctor Sleep " can cause just that .	To describe this film , I will borrow a phrase that the inimitable Pauline Kael had once used : hokum without the fun of hokum . Despite some camera tricks and computer effects , " Doctor Sleep " is plodding . The script is muddled , and Shirley Henderson's amateurish performance as the female detective is a big hindrance . Though it is filmed in London , it takes little advantage of it as a city , and portrays its police as stuck-up buffoons . Besides , when a movie starts with plot elements like hypnosis and mind-reading , who wants to see a far less interesting story involving occult symbols and satanic rituals ? I will admit that some scenes work - they can make you a little queasy - but that's it . ( )
486553	386241	74494	4.0	Don't bother .	Disjointed gangster film that specializes in pointless " destruction of property " scenes . Roger Moore is badly miscast ; he clearly looks uncomfortable to be in an Italian crime movie , and he shows none of his usual flair . Don't go out of your way to see this one . ( )
485945	386241	83024	4.0	Far below what you'd expect from this cast	How did it go so wrong ? How can a film with such an impressive cast ( Franco Nero , Christopher Lee , Eli Wallach , Sybil Danning , Claudia Cardinale , Martin Balsam , Paul Smith - the torturer in " Midnight Express " - as , you guessed it , a torturer , etc . ) and such colorful location filming around Italy ( Rome , Milan , Venice , etc . ) be such a bore ? Probably because the story is slow-moving and unengaging , and has no real climax . Another obstacle for the viewer is the difficulty to buy people like Lee and Balsam as Italians . Nero is always likable , and Danning is stunning ( even if she's in completely " unrevealing " mode here ) , but these two are barely enough to keep you focused on what was excellently described by another reviewer as " a political thriller without thrills " . ( )
486763	386241	74473	4.0	Don't believe the hype	I had seen the cut version of " Emanuelle in America " once before , and my advice is : skip that version , it's boring and repetitive . Now I saw the complete uncut version , and my advice is : skip this version too , it's boring and repetitive . The pseudo-snuff footage , although undeniably well-executed , is way too brief ( about 2 minutes in total ) to justify its notoriety . As for the hardcore scenes , let's just say that I agree with director Joe d'Amato who , in his interview included on the DVD , says that " for me , eroticism is in soft-core " ( he also claims that he was forced to include the hardcore footage by the French producers of the movie . . . . who knows , that might be true ) . The overabundance of sex and nudity means that there is little time for build-up and genuine eroticism . The one thing I appreciated more on second viewing was Laura Gemser's performance as Emanuelle : besides her obvious physical beauty , there are also hints of intelligence and strength in her portrayal . ( )
487024	386241	109415	4.0	Don't bother .	Third " Corn " entry , and there is no compelling reason for you to watch it . Although it's slicker than " Part II " , and occasionally displays some originality in the staging of the killings , it is ultimately defeated by its pointlessness . The " evil " boy in the movie seems obsessed with " He Who Walks Behind The Rows " , but we don't share his feelings , and we can't really identify with " the good guys " , either . ( )
487472	386241	78806	4.0	A bore .	Slow , odd film that drags and plods ( I mean really PLODS ) along to its disappointing climax . You may expect some sort of punchline at the end , but there is none . Both Milland and Snodgress give awkward performances ; in fact , the film's weirdness may actually be the only thing it has going for it . The generally atmospheric score has some absurd parts ( like the music that plays during the first appearance of a monkey ) , and there is a truly awful fantasy scene involving . . . . a gorilla . ( )
486811	386241	74408	4.0	Another Franco " goodie " .	Normally one would have the right to call this movie " disappointing " ( after all , it is about the arguably most famous serial killer of all time ) , BUT . . . it's directed by Jess Franco , so how could one expect a good movie anyway ? But even if you can ignore the puerile psychology , the unintentionally funny dubbing and the dim lighting ( all too often you'll find yourself staring at a black screen ) , it's more difficult to ignore that Klaus Kinski is not as lively as you might expect in the role of the Ripper . Someone in the film says that " he can't control his compulsion to kill " . It looks more as if he can't control his boredom . ( )
486150	386241	113199	4.0	Boring	Gordy is a pretty cute little pig ( that also talks , not too convincingly ) , I'll grant you that , but " he " is plugged into an uninvolving , cheerless , funless , far-fetched plot . Frankly , it's hard to believe that a pig's life could be so boring . The film too often seems like an excuse for some professional country singers to appear onstage and do their stuff ; are there kids who are supposed to find those scenes entertaining ? ( )
486285	386241	60897	4.0	Boring and uninvolving sequel .	" Return of the Seven " has a few good action scenes , and Elmer Bernstein's score is as rousing as ever . Nevertheless , it's a boring film , because it simply fails to involve us emotionally . Mcqueen's absence makes a really bad impression , and the fact that his character here is played by a different ( little-known ) actor is odd - in a bad way . The characters are not developed , so we don't connect with them - and we hardly care when some of them die . This sequel is a passable but poor imitation of the original .
486950	386241	64727	4.0	A negative verdict for this " Bloody Judge " .	The kind of incompetent filmmaking that can be enlivened only by a few torture scenes . A completely uninvolving film , with a storyline so muddled that you often don't know Who-IS-Who . I watched the ( allegedly ) uncut , letterboxed rereleased version , and apart from an unpleasant rack scene , it's not particularly strong stuff . " Mark of the Devil " was a much superior entry in the same " witch-hunting " genre . Watch that one instead ! ( )
485703	386241	96117	4.0	Another " Nightmare on Elm Street " wannabe that doesn't have what it takes .	Making the film as dark and visually fuzzy as possible in order to cover up the budget deficiencies is an often-used strategy in low-budget horror films , but this one takes it too far . It is SO poorly lit and murky ( and it takes place almost entirely at night , to boot ) that you often end up virtually looking at a black screen ( although perhaps the bad video transfer may also have had something to do with that ) . Alas , " murky " is also the best word to describe the movie's plot . The filmmakers throw in diverse ( and unoriginal ) horror ideas without any semblance of logic , and halfway through you get the feeling that they just about abandoned the effort to make a good horror film ; you know it when you see characters who are supposed to be in mortal danger ( or , in some occasions , even dead ) making small talk . . . . ( )
486575	386241	74593	4.0	Pretty dull .	Predictable , by-the-numbers horror film , so reminiscent of " Jaws " ( even in the shots from the bear's point-of-view and the unmistakably similar music score ) that it has to be called a " rip-off " ( and it was probably intended as such ) . The story is too mechanically and monotonously structured , making this film seem much longer than it really is . ( )
487134	386241	95889	4.0	Yet another rehash . . .	The change of setting and the introduction of some new characters breathe some life into this watchable sequel , but the general familiarity and a very messy script weaken the whole . One thing is for sure : after this third entry , the series had run completely out of steam . If you get bored , try to distract yourself by watching the excellent effects , and by counting how many times the name " Carol Anne " is heard throughout the film . Maybe more than 100 times !
485781	386241	427528	4.0	Slick garbage	" Mercenary for Justice " is garbage . Sure , it looks slick , with above-average ( by DTV standards ) production values , international locations , and some great stunts . But don't let the looks fool you . The story makes no sense whatsoever from beginning to end , and Seagal's ego-feeding is in full-force here ( he is introduced as " the most decorated soldier in Gulf War I " - apparently he wouldn't even settle for " second most decorated " - and , of course , nobody can land a single tiny hit on him in a fight , despite the fact that these days he has to send his stunt double to climb over a 10-foot wall ) . The viewer has no idea what is going on or why , and in a turn of events that shows just how utterly moronic this script is , Seagal and his female partner Jacqueline Lord kill several perfectly innocent Cape Town cops and security people who were just trying to protect the bank that these two were ( inexplicably ) robbing , yet the film apparently expects us to continue regarding them as the good guys ( ! ! ! ) , because they are trying to save a black kid and his mother . What the hell ? Oh , and why does that kick-ass muscular and deadly female mercenary we see in the opening sequence get killed off so quickly ? At least SHE could climb over a wall . ( )
485951	386241	87243	4.0	Disposable - though not disgraceful - slasher movie	Yet another slasher movie from the 80's . This one is set in a sports academy and has the novelty of the killer using a somewhat unorthodox weapon - a javelin . But that novelty wears off after a while . There is not much suspense , no real clues to the " mystery " part , and the ending - especially the motivation of the killer - is absurd . There is also a rather laughable scene where the killer enters a pool in full scuba gear , javelin in hand , and his / her soon-to-be-victim fails to notice anything and keeps on swimming ! On the plus side , there is ample nudity , a few well-done gore effects , the two main girls are cute , and most of the character interactions sound genuine . Enough good points to get this movie .
486848	386241	87222	4.0	Low-grade Bronson vehicle .	" The Evil That Men Do " begins with a truly repellent torture scene , followed , a little later , by graphic verbal descriptions of equally repellent torture methods that the sadistic , heartless villain likes to use . But despite the use of such strictly-for-shock effects , the filmmakers can't really cover up the fact that this is just a dull , low-grade Bronson vehicle . Bronson himself is solid here , but he should have chosen a better script .
486852	386241	92147	4.0	Quite dull .	Not a very successful mix of horror and comedy . Too many dull and deadly stretches , too many endings , too much effort by Grace Jones to little effect . Furthermore , it's an ugly-looking movie , and the bland lead characters never come fully alive . Any good points ? Well , SOME of the special effects are quite impressive , and there are perhaps two or three good lines . . . . ( )
486422	386241	60490	4.0	Muddled plot .	Another film-noir with a very muddled plot . Why does that always happen ? Is it some kind of tradition ? It irritated me here , and it had irritated me in " The Big Sleep " as well . But " Harper " is much slower and more protracted . At least Newman plays the detective quite enjoyably .
486839	386241	92112	4.0	Silly " horror " film .	This movie has a very hard-to-swallow premise , even by this genre's standards . We are asked to accept not only that a record played backwards can bring a dead man back to life , but that the record also contains hidden messages aimed SPECIFICALLY at one kid , when the singer had no connection to the boy when he was alive , and of course no way of knowing at whose hands the record would end up . Anyway , the film is fun for a while , but eventually the silliness and the pointlessness reign supreme . If they were really trying to create a new Freddy-like horror icon , they were way off : the villain here has no personality , no motivation , and no variety . ( )
486837	386241	92115	4.0	Good effects , but story has no point .	This movie only serves to prove that you can't make a good film based solely on good special effects . The effects are the only selling points of the movie , and they are impressive ( we're talking about old-fashioned , " Howling " - type transformations here , none of that modern " digital " stuff ) . But the story is pointless in the extreme . And the film is rather boring . An example of its bad storytelling : when the boy asks the older lady if she's a witch , there have been absolutely no indications apparent to him to make him reach such an unusual conclusion , yet the script goes right ahead with it because it's necessary for the " revelation " to be made at that moment . And the boy acts pretty casual about the whole " witch " business , too ! ( )
486860	386241	95977	4.0	Low-rent , but maybe worth a rent .	A low-rent , cheaply made police thriller that's kept bearable by some fair humorous bits , the nice chemistry between the two leads and , especially , by James Remar's satisfying turn as a narcissistic , psychopathic ( and , naturally , indestructible ) villain . Obviously a low-quality picture , both visually and dramatically , with a rather resigned Burt , but not unwatchable . ( )
486642	386241	117968	4.0	Surrealistic , strange , talky , flat , confusing .	Raul Ruiz has crafted a genuinely surrealistic film , dealing with such subjects as identity , time , chance and the cyclical pattern of events , but for all his camera tricks ( some of which are outstanding ) , his storytelling is rather flat , and his characters talk too much . Ruiz asks for too much patience and too many allowances on the part of the viewer , without giving his stories the kicker that would justify them ; his one big revelation was all but spoiled in pretty much every review of the film , not to mention its own title . ( )
486803	386241	74703	4.0	Pretty dull .	The " possession by a vengeful ghost " storyline had probably gotten to be old and hokey already by 1976 , yet a good movie that can make you feel the emotional drive of revenge could still have made such a story seem new and fresh . Here , the possessed hero seems more concerned with raping and insulting his girlfriend than with taking his revenge . This results in a rather plodding pace . I don't even know why I'm bothering to think about this film any longer ; it's doubtful whether you should bother watching it . ( )
487388	386241	83296	4.0	Poorly conceived horror .	Senseless and totally ordinary slasher thriller that seems to " pay homage " to " Halloween II " , which was made one year earlier . It has all the customary elements down pat : the hospital setting , the maniac on the loose , terrified victims-to-be , knives that get bloody . . . . But it shows such shameless disregard for logic and motivation that it's really hard for a viewer to stay interested for the whole ( overly long ) duration of the film . Michael Ironside was physically a right choice for his role , but because he is given no personality and no special traits , he becomes one of the least interesting villains of slasher films that you'll ever see . ( )
486254	386241	74670	4.0	A must for all sickos .	Full-frontal nudity ( in " up close and personal " shots ) ; tarantula torture ; flesh-eating ants torture ; breast torture ; arm amputations ; eye gougings ; eviscerations ; bloody beatings ; rape . This is not a film ; it's a catalogue of perversions . It's the first " Ilsa " movie I ever watched , and it's gonna be the last . Surprisingly good photography , though . And also a leading man with the most monotonously droning voice you'll ever hear ; even Charles Bronson shows more enthusiasm with his line readings . ( )
487531	386241	39800	4.0	Slow and stagy .	This snail's-pace " thriller " / mystery seems to have been designed for the theater , not for the movie screen . There is a single set , the various characters ' entrances and exits give the film an extremely stagy feeling and when they talk , they usually utter lines of heavily portentous dialogue . The performances are generally stiff , except for Bela Lugosi , who overworks his facial muscles . ( )
486163	386241	74646	4.0	Lame as a comedy , OK as an action flick .	This " sort of " a sequel to " Black Belt Jones " ( Jim Kelly's character is referred to merely as " Jones " ) is far inferior . The comedy is lame , the acting mediocre and the dialogue often very bad . But there is a continuous stream of action running through the film , and Kelly shows once again that he had the stuff to be a martial-arts star ( although his career was fairly brief ) . Plus , there are the colorful exotic locations that help you keep watching even the worst scenes . ( )
486918	386241	102395	4.0	Even unfunnier than the first .	You know where you stand with " Mannequin 2 " early on , when you find out that the unfunniest character of the original has returned - and he has a bigger role to boot ! The " romance " part of the film is still kind of sweet , but Ragsdale is no Andrew McCarthy , and Kristy Swanson , unlike Kim Cattrall , doesn't bring any personality to her character ; she's beautiful but bland . In fact , that's the word that most accurately sums up the movie : bland . Its comic invention extends to " funny " accents , homosexual gags and chases in toy cars . If you like this sort of thing , go for it . ( )
486420	386241	79153	4.0	Forgettable , muddled thriller .	Forgettable time-waster , without purpose or meaning . It proves that even a few wild car chases and large-scale explosions can't sustain a desperately uninteresting and uninvolving story . The large cast is largely underused . ( )
485797	386241	280672	4.0	Stale and illogical slasher .	Right from the stale opening stalking sequence ( which turns out to be a dream to boot ! ) , you know what you're in for : another derivative slasher flick that does what others ( " April Fool's Day " , " Return to Horror High " ) have done before , and better . Supposedly it also wants to satirize the old horror cliches , but it succumbs to almost each and every one of them . The script has no respect for the audience's intelligence ; the killer violates the laws of logic ( getting in the back seat of a car without being noticed by the driver ? ) and the victims always do the stupidest things ( and they can't tell the difference between a real dead body and a " fake " one even when they're standing right beside it ) . Still , the direction ( apart from the annoying " tilted " shots ) is OK , and SOME of the actors ( for example the one who plays Doug ) aren't bad . ( )
485903	386241	64106	4.0	A " plodder " from Chabrol .	A distanced , uninvolving movie , apparently regarded by many people as a masterpiece . Well , I have to disagree strongly ; as a drama , it never really pulls the viewer into the story ( which progresses very ploddingly ) , and as a thriller it almost never generates any tension . A tedious movie , only for patient people . ( )
486789	386241	113812	4.0	Nothing special	" Voices of Seduction " / " Midnight Confessions " does have some beautiful women in it - the lead , Carol Hoyt , is an elegant redhead - and the premise of a late-night radio show where the listeners call the host and reveal their secret erotic fantasies and desires could make for an effective erotic film with a different approach , but someone thought it was a good idea to " enhance " the film with a dismal and distasteful , not to mention stupid ( for example , are prisoners usually allowed to make obscene phone calls to the outside at night ? ) exploitation plot about a nutcase knocking off prostitutes . Note to the filmmakers : when we are watching an " erotic " film , we want to be turned on , not off . Oh yes , Julie Strain's picture is on the DVD cover , but her part is nothing more than a 3-minute cameo . ( )
486363	386241	86987	4.0	" That THING will work , I guarantee you ! "	Bo Derek plays a college graduate who is also a virgin - and she's unconvincing on both counts . Yes , her belly-dancing scene is a highlight , but did she have to wear so much make-up all the time ? The rest of the film is a plotless , worthless affair , but at least it doesn't take itself all that seriously ; and it's this intentionally campy approach that keeps it at least semi-bearable . ( )
487307	386241	67116	4.0	Monstrously overrated .	I'm glad I found out that there some other people on this planet who ( as their comments show ) consider " The French Connection " to be an incredibly overrated film . The famous chase scene is indeed well-done , but the movie takes 70 minutes to get to it , and those minutes are almost impossible to sit through . At least during the chase the film feels alive for a while , but then it collapses again . There is another clever scene , with Hackman on the trail of Rey in a subway station , but the rest of the plot is uninteresting and confusing , the direction is cold , many pointless sequences go on too long and the result is a yawner .
487248	386241	296271	4.0	Pretty bad PPV	Well , the other reviewer certainly described this in great detail , so I'll be more brief : 1 ) Val Venis vs . Steve Blackman . Basic filler . 2 ) Mark Henry vs . D'Lo Brown ( European title ) . Who cares ? ) Jeff Jarrett vs . Chyna ( IC title ) . Probably the most entertaining match of the night . The commentary is funny , and the various outside interferences actually add to this match . 4 ) The Dudley Boyz vs . The Acolytes . Completely uninteresting match that barely gets any crowd reaction . ) Ivory vs . Luna ( women's title ) . Well that was a weird experiment . A short hardcore-rules catfight that takes place entirely backstage . 6 ) Edge & Christian vs . New Age Outlaws ( Tag Team titles ) . Where are the Hardy Boyz when you need them ? ( actually , they do appear at the very end ! ) ) Al Snow vs . Big Boss Man . " Kennel From Hell " match for the Hardcore title . The environment is certainly unique ( a cage INSIDE a cell , and the winner is whoever escapes first from both ) , but the match itself is an almost total dud . 8 ) Chris Jericho vs . X-Pac . Some good athletic moves in a decent but meaningless contest . 9 ) 6-Pack Challenge for the WWF title . Kane vs . Big Show vs . Triple H vs . The Rock vs . The British Bulldog vs . Mick Foley , with Stone Cold Steve Austin as the special " enforcer " . An unremarkable main event , but those who like it when trademark finishers are hit one after another will have nothing to complain about .
486629	386241	87018	4.0	Skippable	The best thing about my DVD version of " Caged Fury " is the tagline : " Alone they are dangerous . . . . together they are deadly " . If only the movie lived up to it ! ( by the way , the picture quality on the DVD is on par with a poor VHS tape ) . The movie starts as a standard WIC ( Women-In-Camp ) drama , with a plot element of brainwashed assassins triggered by a voice on the phone that reminded me of the Charles Bronson flick " Telefon " . But that plot thread is forgotten somewhere along the way , as we focus on the heroine's escape attempts , first along with a male guard , later along with her fellow prisoners as they overtake a train . On the whole , the female action elements are disappointingly brief in duration , and the action scenes in general are unexciting . Unless you MUST see everything that Cirio H . Santiago ever made , " Caged Fury " can be skipped . ( )
487421	386241	71617	4.0	Not worth it , man .	Simply put , there's nothing to be gained from watching " Homebodies " . It's not funny , it's not believable for a minute , it's not entertaining , and it moves ( fittingly perhaps ? ) at the pace of a funeral . The blind guy is creepy , though . ( )
487237	386241	64212	4.0	Muddled beyond belief .	An ambitious disaster that could only have come out of the sixties ( just like " Doctor Faustus " , " Casino Royale " and probably several others I have not seen ) . The filmmakers must have thought that " De Sade " failed because it was too " avant-garde " for its time . Wrong ! It is too avant-garde for ANY time . It doesn't make any sense , you never learn anything about De Sade that you didn't already know before viewing it , and despite the bundles of nudity , there's barely a sexy moment to be found . ( )
486998	386241	90196	4.0	Mediocre horror spoof .	This comedy has some tolerably funny stuff in it , surrounded by a lot of unfunny stuff . Just about every scene involving the servants of the castle and their silly antics is a waste of time . And the plotting is so sloppy that it makes you wonder if they actually had a script ready before they started filming this , or they were simply making it all up as they went along . ( )
487056	386241	257510	4.0	Terrible , but better than the first .	It seems hard to believe , but this in-name-only " sequel " is actually slightly more fun than the original " Crocodile " . Sure , the digital version of the croc looks as embarrassingly fake as it did the first time around ( Jesus does it look fake ) , though the animatronic model looks OK . And the characters are equally unappealing and / or moronic , but at least some of them have an excuse this time - they're robbers , after all ( one of them even looks like David Hess ! ) . By the way , I spotted at least two references to Tarantino's movies , which must have been intentional . ( )
487033	386241	67217	4.0	This one needs hospitalization . . .	I'm amazed that " The Hospital " has been so well-received by the critics and the public . I found it dreary , visually ugly and generally meaningless . After the first virtually unwatchable 40 minutes , the film does improve ( relatively ) , but it remains WAY too far-fetched ( not to mention unfunny ) to be successful as a satire , and has too little substance to succeed as a drama . The film's uncertain tone is its biggest fault , overshadowing even Scott's terrific ( as usual ) performance .
486854	386241	82525	4.0	Sprawling and tiresome .	A sprawling , overambitious , plotless comedy that has no dramatic center . It was probably intended to have an epic vision and a surrealistic flair ( at least in some episodes ) , but the separate stories are never elevated into a meaningful whole , and the laughs are few and far between . Amusing ending , though . ( )
486773	386241	82527	4.0	Stay clear of this hospital - and this movie .	This is the type of film that seems to think that some ( shamelessly gratuitous ) nudity and a few bloody gore effects can fully compensate for an illogical script ( almost every doctor is portrayed as a sadist ) and some of the most ludicrously conceived " false scares " ever seen in a horror flick ( just check out the early elevator scene ) . Well , thanks for the nudity anyway , but the film is just terrible . ( )
486362	386241	64175	4.0	Muddled and badly shot Western .	Misleadingly promoted as a " Trinity " film , " Boot Hill " can barely even be classified as a " Bud Spencer-Terence Hill " film , since it gives the two stars very few chances to exercise their teamwork ( Spencer appears after the first half-hour ) . The story is confusing , and the direction is annoying : for one thing , many action scenes take place in the dark , and for another , the camera focuses a little too closely on the actors ; too often half the action appears to have been chopped off the sides of the screen , even though the version I watched was letterboxed . Not recommended . ( )
486405	386241	75016	4.0	An incoherent mess .	Silly , disappointing Disney outing , hampered mostly by Ustinov's terrible performance . As Hercule Poirot , Ustinov has always been superb , but here he overacts embarrassingly ; the same year ( 1976 ) , Peter Sellers also played an inept Oriental guy for laughs , in " Murder By Death " , and he was much more efficient . Besides , the film has no coherency , and the story is hopelessly uninteresting . Frankly , I can't think of one person ( of any age ) that will find himself caring about what will happen here .
487078	386241	71247	4.0	Flat film .	Unremarkable and unmemorable remake of an old , celebrated English film . Although it may be overly maligned as a total disaster ( which it is not ) , it never builds any tension and betrays its TV origins . Richard Burton sleepwalks through his role , and Sophia Loren's closed ( in this movie ) face doesn't display much passion , either . ( )
485843	386241	67388	4.0	Draggy , to say the least .	Essentially a routine revenge tale , but so pretentiously directed that it becomes boring instead of simply routine . Another reviewer stated that he actually stopped watching the film , and I can understand that ; it really is a test of your patience . This thing drags along at a slower pace than its limp hero . Richard Harris deserves praise , however , for a great performance in a physically demanding role . . . . ( )
485684	386241	71229	4.0	An interminable bore .	Michael Caine has always been one my favorite actors , but unfortunately he often starred in mediocre-at-best vehicles and had roles that wasted his talents . " Black Windmill " is such a vehicle : long , confusing , flat , nasty , interminable and thoroughly routine . The picture does show some occasional signs of wit ( watch for the early scene where the name " Sean Connery " is mentioned ) , but is really marred by its clumsy editing during the ( few ) action scenes . Even Caine himself just goes through the motions . At least the movie has the blue-eyed John Vernon , who makes a convincing villain .
486470	386241	114126	4.0	Unusually lame Jackie entry .	" Thunderbolt " is probably Jackie Chan's worst movie since " The Protector " in 1985 . Yes , I know that nobody watches his movies for their stories , but the plotting of this one is unusually lame , even by his standards , and while the fight choreography IS up to his standards , the fight scenes ( the whole two of them ) are ruined , as others have mentioned , by the frenetic , distracting camerawork . Even the most serious Jackie Chan fans shouldn't really bother with this offensively haphazard , stunt-and-plug-filled garbage . Anita Yuen's cute and perky performance is one of the few redeeming virtues . For a good " serious Jackie " movie , I recommend " Crime Story " . ( )
486011	386241	102043	4.0	Absurd	There's plenty of eye-candy here ( though Mastorakis had the brilliant idea to kill off the gorgeous babe Barbara Lee Alexander halfway through ) , and Brian Thomson gives a funny performance , playing the usual " macho " stereotype and spoofing it at the same time . As an action movie , however , " Hired to Kill " is unpretentious but absurd : there is no real action until the last 30 minutes . . . then there is one of those " Commando " - type endings where the inept bad guys are essentially just stunt men waiting for their cue to " die " . The plot is totally anachronistic - brave commandos ( preferably American ) rescuing a revolutionary leader and overthrowing the local dictator of some banana republic - but the funny part is that , because the film was shot in Corfu , Greece , it was impossible to set it in the usual unnamed Latin American banana republic , so Mastorakis created a fictional Mediterranean country named Cypra ( ! ! ! ) . Hmmm , I wonder which real country's name he was trying oh-so-subtly to avoid . . . By the way , is this the official low point of Oliver Reed's career ? ( probably not ) ( )
486367	386241	75163	4.0	Overlong , exploitative and generally boring .	Seeing " Salon Kitty " in its uncut version turned out to be a mixed blessing ; at 133 minutes ( ! ! ) this movie is way overlong . Any chances it might have had of being taken seriously as a historical drama are quickly destroyed by Tinto Brass ' excessive focus on male and female genitalia . Within the first 10 minutes , you've already seen enough flapping ds to last you a lifetime . And later on , in what must be a screen first ( thank you Mr . Brass ) , we even get a full-frontal nude shot of a deformed midget ! " Salon Kitty " is just as outrageously exploitative as the infamous " Caligula " . It may not match that film in the " quantity " of its perversions , but it more than matches it in the " quality " . Also like " Caligula " , the film has a vague , barely-existent storyline which doesn't begin to make its points ( about using Nazism as a vehicle for power and sexual domination ) until the last 10 minutes , and lacks any characters the audience can relate to . The woman played by Teresa Ann Savoy could have been such a character , but the actress , while luscious , is not very expressive ; all the others are way over-the-top . The production is handsome , but for some reason everything seems to be bathed in white . And the language is an ungodly mess . Most of the dialogue is in English ( clearly not dubbed ) , some of it is in Italian and there a couple of German lines as well ! ( )
486701	386241	82748	4.0	Formulaic slasher .	" Pieces " is a slasher flick that does nothing to differentiate itself from the other slasher flicks . As it usually happens in this genre , there is no plot , no progression , it's simply one killing after another . At least the gore effects are rather crafty , and the liberal gushing of blood was a " nice " touch . But the director seems interested in those set-pieces only ; the " dialogue scenes " couldn't have been more drably staged ( or acted ) . And the dialogue itself is not only badly dubbed , it is stilted and unnatural as well ( people say things like " I seem to have done rather a lot of talking " ) . On the positive side , Paul Smith is fine as the " most obvious suspect " , and there is a good , minimalist score - a score deserving of a better movie . ( )
487365	386241	113965	4.0	Preposterous and by-the-numbers .	This derivative erotic thriller remains watchable most of the way , mainly because a viewer is casually curious about how it will turn out , and because the director , Peter Hall , manages to stage a pretty hot ( and quite bold ) sex scene . But the finale , though unexpected , is preposterous , and the whole plotting ( complete with childhood traumas and multiple-personality disorders ) reveals itself to be unbearably cliched , especially as far as motivation is concerned . ( )
486925	386241	48937	4.0	Tedious	I think Rossen tried simultaneously to condense Alexander's adventurous life into a two-hour movie AND to present a revisionist and thoughtful take on the character of that famous historical figure . . . but it didn't quite work . Narrative omissions aside ( where is the middle of the three major battles that Alexander fought against the Persians ? ) , it is a tedious epic with unimpressive battle scenes and , yes , too much talk . Burton is badly miscast as Alexander ; he looks too old , especially in the early scenes when he's supposed to be a teenager ( ! ) , and lacks the proper athleticism . This would earn two stars for the production values alone , but read a book on the subject instead .
486644	386241	117394	4.0	Dreary .	Movies have always shown a fascination for these grim , dreary tales with unredeeming , amoral , warped characters at their center ( especially if the tales are based on true events ) , but OUR fascination with such movies is harder to explain and borders on the masochistic . If there is ONE ( 1 ) thing to be gained from watching " Deep Crimson " , I'm afraid I missed it . Although it's set mostly in the Mexican deserts , the film is rather claustrophobically directed by Arturo Ripstein , who lets several of his scenes drag on too long . ( )
487435	386241	106342	4.0	A warning for the unprepared .	Since this film has received so much praise , I feel the need to issue a warning here for those who expect a masterpiece . The film is actually pretty difficult to get into . The storytelling is very confusing . For at least the first 45 minutes , I couldn't make heads or tails out of what was happening , who was fighting whom , who all those people were , etc . Perhaps this is a movie meant to be seen and understood completely only by those who have read the novel on which it's based . When an actual story does begin to take form , the film does have some touching and / or disturbing moments ( you get a good look at naked Siamese twins ) , but the much-talked-about violence and action choreography is strictly comic-book-level . This film needed more clarity and narrative skill to be successful . ( )
487309	386241	75229	4.0	Utterly ordinary time-waster .	Utterly ordinary , thoroughly routine and totally forgettable adventure tale that's good only if you want to waste some time - although there are many better time-wasters around . There are no surprises and no attempts at distinguishing this film from dozens of similar films . As for the hand-gliding sequences , many of them are filmed at night and we can barely see what's happening onscreen !
487177	386241	106302	4.0	Another slice of cheese from Albert Pyun .	Cheesy fun with pretty bad " virtual reality " effects and a very dumb ending . Like some other Albert Pyun films of that period ( especially the " Nemesis " sequels " ) , this is short enough and unpretentious enough to be bearable . . . and that's all . Megan Ward's rather appealing performance is a notch above the rest . ( )
486012	386241	439238	4.0	Watchable but derivative " erotic thriller "	" Bound By Lies " wants to be an erotic thriller and a murder mystery . It fails because it is not very erotic , not very thrilling and not very mysterious . The two stars are rather over-the-hill for the genre . Kristy Swanson is still pretty , but by no means as irresistible as she's supposed to be here . She looked really great in the mid-90's - I wish she had done this kind of role then . I wish Natassia Malthe ( who plays Kristy's assistant in this film ) had the leading role instead . And Stephen Baldwin is no Alec , hell he's no William either . Stephen and Kristy " do it " only once , and in that scene he shows more than her ! There is an irrelevant car chase in the beginning ( which was mostly lifted from another film , according to IMDb trivia ) , and one good scene involving a handcuffed and tied Baldwin in a bathtub , but other than that you won't find many thrills here . As for the " mystery " plot , making the most obvious suspect the actual killer can only be called " unpredictably predictable " . However , I still found the film watchable enough to give it out of 4 stars .
487372	386241	443473	4.0	Blatantly derivative and disgustingly tasteless , but also surprisingly intelligent at times	" Mean Guns " , " Battle Royale " , " The Eliminator " . . . . this type of story has been done so many times already that the only way a movie that's using it again can be worth the trouble is if a ) it's done REALLY well , or b ) it brings something new to the table . " The Condemned " is not done very well . For one thing , the action scenes are shot with the camera shaking and zooming in and out so much that most of the choreography is lost on the viewer's eyes . The film is also predictable ( it was produced by the WWE , does it take much effort to guess who the last survivor will be ? ) and tasteless ( the treatment of the female contestants is appalling ) . But it also has moments of surprising intelligence and reflexion - particularly in a sequence near the end where the psychopathic Vinnie Jones breaks into the control center of the " game " and shoots up everyone in sight : it's like having the bad guy that you think is " cool " in a movie invade your privacy through your screen and show you the real pain of violence . There are also several good performances in this film , not so much from the contestants as from the people watching them : Victoria Mussett stands out as the girlfriend of the man who sets up the show , not believing her eyes as he goes from a cynical producer to a conscienceless criminal . As for Stone Cold Steve Austin , he has physical presence but not much charisma as a film star ( yet ) ; that's why even his best one-liner ( " Sounds like you had a hard life . . . . good thing it's over now " ) comes across as flat . For all its occasional good points , " The Condemned " leaves you with a bad taste in your mouth . ( )
487198	386241	95189	4.0	Unfunny and Unexciting	In the unlikely case that some aspiring directors are reading these comments , I'd like to offer some advice ( free of charge ! ) , from a viewer's perspective . If you want to make a serious exotic adventure film , do it . If you want to make a spoof of exotic adventure films , go ahead . DO NOT try to make both at the same time , it doesn't work . For example , having a goofy " comic relief " character killed and beheaded and following it up with a monkey shaking a tree and dropping a coconut on a cannibal's head just makes you look like you had NO IDEA what kind of movie you wanted to make . This one is boring , meandering , cheap , racist . . . . you get the picture . A couple of smart moments and a few glimpses of nudity from Kathy Shower ( way too prissy here ) are hardly worth your trouble . There is a reason everyone has forgotten about this film's existence . ( )
485934	386241	86410	4.0	Nothing ordinary about this madness at all . . .	While some of the sex scenes here have an undeniable raw force , calling this " a good movie " would be going too far indeed . It's stagnant in its pacing , and the female characters are conceived in a way that has no bearing on reality whatsoever . By the way , Ornella Muti is beautiful but her " performance " is very poor . ( )
485881	386241	90837	4.0	Cool title , mediocre movie .	The overly familiar " Friday The 13TH " - type premise ( with an extra Sci-Fi note thrown in ) is better executed here , but the movie still amounts to a complete waste of time after it's over . The characters are engaging enough to keep it strangely watchable ( when they die , you may not be moved , but you aren't glad , either ) , but there are too many dumb inconsistencies in the action scenes ( especially in the level of damage that the robots ' weapons can induce ) . ( )
486990	386241	86476	4.0	Not very entertaining .	One of Disney's more adult ( in tone and plotting ) films - but " adult " does not necessarily mean " witty " or " entertaining " . Unfortunately , this flat comedy-thriller is neither funny nor thrilling ; ultimately , it's just another " no-big-deal " experience . But I guess it's harmless . . . . if you have time to waste . ( )
485775	386241	374312	4.0	Sloppy cross between " Hard Target " and " Battle Royale "	" The Eliminator " is a slightly more professional effort than Bas Rutten's following movie , " The Vault " , but that isn't saying much : it's still not very good . The fights ( the No . 1 reason for anyone watching this ) are few ( maybe 4 in total ) , brief , blurry , and gimmicked-up ( slow motion , fast motion , etc . ) . The script is not only blatantly derivative ( of the films I mentioned above , and many others ) , but sloppy as well , especially in the last 20 minutes ( one character practically disappears without a trace ) . There is surprisingly little action overall , and too much wandering around the island . I liked the professional stuntwoman Danielle Burgio - although she is not conventionally beautiful , I found her gorgeous in her own way - but she is largely wasted in this role . ( )
487091	386241	105616	4.0	Plodding and disappointing .	This is a disappointing and plodding animated feature . I've always been a fan of this particular cartoon duo , and maybe the fact that here they can speak English wouldn't have bothered me , if Jerry's annoying voice hadn't made him sound so much like a spoiled kid . The film lacks the wit and the fast pacing of the short " Tom and Jerry " cartoons ; the songs are poor and mostly unnecessary , and the predictable , rarely interesting story just meanders along . The likability of the title characters is the film's only real redeeming element .
486671	386241	156706	4.0	Killing time - your time !	Typical horror movie isolates a bland group of characters in a seemingly unoccupied villa ( which they run across after getting lost in the course of a bird-watching expedition ) , then throws some zombies at them trying to spice things up , but unfortunately the gore is none-too-convincing . There are occasional moments of tension , but not enough to merit a rating higher than . Sorry .
485906	386241	95063	4.0	Infuriatingly muddled .	" Dream Demon " features some imaginative visuals and clever camera shots , but is doomed by its terribly confusing , almost indecipherable plot . When it's all over , few answers have been given to the viewer and the rules of the dream-vs-reality game are never explained . This picture remains a blurry enigma from beginning to end . ( )
486272	386241	377100	4.0	Not good , but not terrible	An uninspiring , but not quite terrible , Steven Seagal vehicle . The dreary , unpleasant subject matter ( selling underage girls for prostitution ; not exactly the recipe for a fun action film , is it ? ) , and the standard Seagal ego-stroking ( he can defeat 10 men in a fight in a matter of seconds , he can remove a bullet and cauterize the wound in a few more , he is a computer ace , but he also risks his life to protect an orphaned Polish girl AND he wanders in the woods looking for injured animals so he can take them to his self-made cabin and nurse them back to health ) hold this movie back , but at least Seagal still demonstrates a few of his quick and efficient Aikido moves ( he can't roll on the floor though . . . . that has to be done by a double ! ) . Also , after seeing Agnieszka Wagner here and Tamara Davies in " Black Dawn " , I'm starting to think he has a knack for picking female partners who are both very pretty AND very capable in the action sequences . Avoid the rap stars and keep these women comin ' , Steve - they give me a reason to keep checking out some of your movies ! ( )
485873	386241	71080	4.0	Ordinary .	This could have been a fairly entertaining caper movie , but it never comes to life . It has a promising cast , but most of the performers are given nothing to do ; James Mason brings the only traces of humanity to an otherwise very mechanical movie . In the last 15 minutes , the filmmakers even throw in some car chases and shoot-outs , probably hoping that the movie would gain some tension ( since there are no laughs ) , but it remains strangely indifferent and uninvolving throughout . ( )
485854	386241	79822	4.0	Inconsequential .	Linda Blair has undergone quite an amazing transformation since the first " Exorcist " , but this inconsequential , goofy , utterly predictable comedy is easily forgotten a few hours after it's over , because it has no plot and no weight whatsoever . Meaningless stuff . ( )
485818	386241	86397	4.0	Purposeless comedy .	This is another one of those rambling , pointless mid-1980's comedies that keep going on and on , without having anything to say , and without caring if the viewer is still amused or interested . The teaming of Matthau and Williams may appear promising , but it doesn't pay off , and the film is scarcely funny . Halfway through , the thin script has run completely out of steam , and there is nothing for the viewer to expect . . . apart from the redeeming " THE END " , of course .
485965	386241	75462	4.0	Drawn-out , overlong horror film .	This film had the potential to be a chilling horror story , but never really exploits its strong ( if highly unoriginal ) premise ( seemingly innocent kids are actually the bloodthirsty villains ) . The slow-moving , drawn-out script is one of the major drawbacks ; the two main characters fail to win our sympathy because they are portrayed as two dumbos who take forever to realize what's going on . Their behavior becomes really idiotic sometimes , reaching a zenith of stupidity when the hero throws away his machine-gun , the only weapon that could possibly protect him at the time . The movie is often amateurishly directed ( on a low budget ) and it never provides an explanation for the kids ' murderous rage . And I know that even Hitchcock couldn't find an appropriate explanation for the attacks of the birds in his 1963 classic , but we rarely question the motives of birds . We are dealing with kids here , however , and the whole thing , though not unwatchable , just seems overlong and arbitrary .
486260	386241	101675	4.0	Inept sci-fi .	The filmmakers apparently had enough money to be able to afford decent makeup effects , but not enough for a creature that would move around and attack convincingly . We never get a chance to see the " monster " move from one place to another - whenever that happens ( supposedly ) , the camera focuses on the " terrified " reactions of the humans that are nearby . And when a man is attacked by it , he simply seems to be holding an inanimate object against himself so that it won't fall to the ground . This is still not the worst " Alien " rip-off around ( the two " Xtro " films are even worse , for example ) ; it's actually sufficiently entertaining if you've got 68 ( ! ! ) minutes to spare . ( )
487057	386241	117226	4.0	Tired and tiresome mystery flick .	" An Occasional Hell " is a low point in Tom Berenger's career . His acting in this picture is so lifeless that when people refuse to tell him what they know about the case he's investigating , he looks as if he's about to say " Fine , what do I care anyway ? " . The script is so slow-moving that at times it doesn't seem to be moving at all , and the direction is so pedestrian that , without the brief flashes of nudity , this could easily pass off as a TV movie . Apparently everyone associated with this movie was just too tired to even try making something good out of it . Everyone , that is , except Kari Wuhrer , who is incredibly sexy as always , and gives the film its only spark ; sadly , her role is all-too-brief . ( )
486907	386241	94919	4.0	Avoid it .	Some changes for the better ( the special effects are more elaborate ) , some for the worse ( Scott Grimes , a likable kid in the original , has turned into an awkward teenager ) , but generally this sequel is about on a par with the original - which doesn't say much . The PG-13 rating is questionable ; although the film is not scary at all , there is some brief but quite explicit gore , and some out-of-place nudity . ( )
486532	386241	82350	4.0	Average Norris .	Chuck Norris , stiff-as-usual , in yet another mind-numbingly predictable action thriller which actually has just as much talk as action , maybe even more . Professor Toru Tanaka is a promising-looking villain , but even he doesn't prove to be a worthy opponent for good ol ' Chuck . And Christopher Lee is wasted , again . ( )
485837	386241	116778	4.0	Mostly unfunny .	Many people found this movie , the second outing from the Farrelly brothers , to be hilarious , but I thought the funny moments were few and far between . Most of the time , this is a depressingly UNfunny , occasionally tasteless farce , that follows , and supposedly spoofs , the " Rocky " and the road-movie formulas , and has references to other recent movies ( like the " Indecent Proposal " , in one inspired little bit ) . As for the " offensive " factor , it's pretty low , despite its being " hyped-up " ; the only really disturbing scene is the aftermath of a dreaded sexual encounter . Woody Harelson does give a decent and believable performance , though . ( )
486309	386241	94957	4.0	Good martial arts , poor everything else	" Day of the Panther " begins with a young blonde chick taking on several masked thugs at an abandoned building ( in a sequence that would have worked better if it wasn't intercut with other events happening elsewhere - a mistake that the director repeats at the end of the movie ) . She fights quite well , but she gets killed off ( bummer ! ) , and her partner , Jason Blade ( Edward John Stazak ) takes charge from then on . This guy has zero charisma , but I have to give credit where credit is due : when it comes to the martial arts he knows what he is doing , his execution is fast and smooth . The story is totally formulaic , and the cinematography has a cheap , overexposed look , as if the film stock was left out in the sun too long . ( )
486947	386241	82352	4.0	Standard early-80s slasher .	Standard slasher film benefits from a strong performance by Lauren Tewes as the capable , smart heroine , but suffers from heavy cuts that were made in order for it to receive an " R " rating . I have to wonder why , since other films of the time ( " Maniac " and " The Prowler " ) displayed Tom Savini's amazingly bloody effects in all their glory and still got an " R " ( at least in America ) . What's even more frustrating is that the scenes that were cut existed in all-too-obvious spots , and they would be much less unpleasant to watch than the misogynistic type of violence that remains intact in the film . Anyway , it's better than " Friday The 13th " . . . . but that doesn't mean much . ( )
487116	386241	86264	4.0	Lowbrow but inoffensive .	A raucous , stupid teen sex comedy that's rather bearable , if you start watching it knowing more or less what to expect . Short on laughs and genuine eroticism , to be sure , but voyeurs may still be pleased , since there's a load of nudity . Nevertheless , it's a generally inoffensive picture . ( )
486299	386241	105898	4.0	Amateurish , but not as bad as it looks	The first thing you should know about " Zipperface " is that it was shot on video , so it has that peculiar " home-video-ish " look that is terribly distracting and makes it hard to take this seriously as a " real " film . And " Zipperface " indeed looks as if a bunch of amateurs got together for an attempt at a " real " serial-killer thriller . It's not quite that , but it's not as bad as it looks , either . Having a woman as one of the two detectives on the case puts a spin on the exploitation genre . Dona Adams gives an appealingly amateurish performance in the role - her obvious inexperience in front of the camera somehow works for her . Plus , she puts up a GREAT fight against the killer at the end . The red herrings appear ludicrous at first , but ultimately they work - I guessed the killer INcorrectly . And you have to wonder if perhaps Tarantino had seen the Zipperface guy when he came up with the idea of " The Gimp " for " Pulp Fiction " . ( )
486351	386241	82399	4.0	Really tacky .	The only thing " Force : Five " proves is that the chances of finding a good American martial-arts film are about as many as those of finding a good Hong Kong Western . Yes , the film stars real martial artists who obviously know their stuff , but keep in mind that : a ) most of them can't act ( Richard Norton is excepted ) b ) most of the time they're fighting useless morons who stand around like sitting ducks , waiting to be kicked . And how about the fact that the doors of the rooms where the " bad guys " keep their drugs-and-guns-for-sale and the dead bodies of their victims are unlocked and unguarded ? Cheap and stupid . But the actors sure know how to kick high . ( )
485856	386241	70672	4.0	Great car chase , but can you stay awake until then ?	I don't know if this exceptionally dull movie was intended as an unofficial sequel to ' The French Connection " , but it does have many of the same drawbacks : the script is so confusing that the viewer remains uninvolved and feels left out of the picture , and the direction is so cold , so lacking in energy , that even the great chase sequence can't liven things up . ( )
486408	386241	94889	4.0	Extremely superficial .	" Cocktail " is a slick , thoroughly empty comedy-drama in the corny-junky tradition of " Dirty Dancing " . The people are all beautiful , the locations gorgeous , and the soundtrack is packed with MTV-style songs . Dramatically , it's just a collection of old cliches and LAUGHABLY old stereotypes ( Shue's typically stupid and stubborn father is very funny ) . The leads are certainly attractive , and Brown is so obviously superior to the rest of the picture that he somewhow never seems to fit in . Overall , an OK diversion , but only if you're prepared for how cliched and superficial it is .
487363	386241	114666	4.0	A familiar and drawn-out thriller .	Awfully familiar thriller stuff that takes longer to play out than it should and ends with a particularly overdone , overextended climax . The performances are generally good and there are a few bits of imaginative camerawork , but the familiarity of the material proves to be overwhelming . The film has no personality , and most of the scenes seem to be just copies of similar events in other thrillers . ( )
486522	386241	86051	4.0	With this cast , it should've been much better .	With this once-in-a-lifetime cast ( reuniting the four greatest blaxploitation stars of the early seventies ) , this picture should be more fun than it is . Someone seems to have drained the life out of these performers ; Jim Brown , in particular , comes off very badly ( judging only from this movie , you'd come to the conclusion that he can't act ) . The film is also poorly structured , keeping the stars away from each other ( and from any enjoyable interaction ) for laaaaarge periods of time . And Williamson must have really had it in for Jim Kelly ; he barely gives him of the screen time devoted to the other leads , and he features him in only two brief fight scenes ( he even loses in one of them ! ) . Cool score , though . ( )
486219	386241	79488	4.0	Bronson is fatigued , and so are we .	This is an extremely boring Bronson thriller , one of those movies that nobody has seen , and deservedly so . Charlie looks understandably fatigued , Rod Steiger gives a hammy performance as the gangland boss and Henry Silva plays an assassin very much like the one he played in " Sharky's Machine " , only far less memorable . The movie was filmed in beautiful locations , and has a good Lalo Schifrin score , but you'll still be checking your watch frequently . ( )
485600	386241	110108	4.0	Not among Tweed's best	" Illicit Dreams " is not the first film to feature the premise of a woman who has recurring nightmares ( remember " Still of the Night " ? ) , and it certainly isn't the best , either . But this being an erotic thriller that fails both with the eroticism and with the thrills , we have to content ourselves with whatever interest the plot holds . And it does hold some , mainly due to the metaphysical angle ( psychokinetic connection , or something like that , bonds the two leads ) that's rare for a Shannon Tweed flick . Andrew Stevens directs , and he gives an unusually bright , richly colored look to the film . But he can't do anything about the ludicrous , hard-to-swallow final " twist " . ( )
486342	386241	90970	4.0	" There are about 100 tortures in your living room " . . . the 101st must be the pacing of this movie .	In the opening and closing credits , the filmmakers acknowledge the services of sleep research centers and consultants in the making of this movie . But while there is some educational dialogue about dreams , the main concept - the heroine acting out her dreams - is not as innovative as they seem to think ; haven't these people ever heard of the word " sleepwalking " ? Kristy McNichol is fine ( if one-note ) in a demanding role , but director Pakula's pacing is off , the thrills are few , and the finale , with one character apparently transforming into Superman , is ludicrous . ( )
486027	386241	59549	4.0	Tedious .	Mostly tedious spy / WWII film , filled with uninteresting characters and lifeless , inexpressive performances . There are maybe one or two tense moments and some good explosions at the end , but generally the pace is way too slow for a movie that goes on for 112 minutes .
486677	386241	90927	4.0	Claptrap !	Dumb , claptrap about the hijacking of a plane by Arab terrorists and the rescue attempt by the all-American Delta Force unit . Of course , there is absolutely no suspense , since the movie stars Chuck Norris and Lee Marvin as the good guys - how can the viewer have even the slightest doubt about whether they will succeed ? And did I mention that this adventure is also insanely overlong ? ( 129 minutes , come on ! ) ( )
486829	386241	86141	4.0	- all of them for Kay Lenz	This stereotypical , low-grade fantasy lacks both the budget and the directorial imagination to be really exciting . The only epic thing about it is the music score . The film is too cheesy for most adults , but it also has some unpleasant scenes that are unsuitable for kids - making you wonder what audience exactly they had in mind . What kept me watching it is Kay Lenz : she's both endearing and feisty , and she looks particularly sexy when she's angry . Her face has a great " bone structure " - she looks a bit like Kim Basinger ( trivia note : they were born the same year , 1953 ) , only more beautiful . And she can even keep a straight face through lines like " But . . . . he's green ! " ( when the male lead suggests that they should follow a man ) . Take Lenz out of the movie and you don't have a movie - just a midget , a giant , an evil John Saxon , and other stereotypes . ( )
486906	386241	90887	4.0	Boring .	Amateurish effects ( the critters usually seem to be thrown into the frame by offscreen hands ) , a boring , bland storyline and a few explosions too many make even the moderate box-office success of this film inexplicable . If you thought " Attack of the Killer Tomatoes " was funny or scary , you might enjoy this one too . But if you didn't . . . . run , run away . ( )
486005	386241	66995	4.0	One of the worst	" Diamonds Are Forever " is my personal candidate for " worst Bond film of all time " ( rivaled perhaps only by " The Man With The Golden Gun " and " Licence To Kill " ) . The flaws here are too numerous to list : incoherent , illogical script ( you can watch this film 100 times and still not be able to follow the story ) , unexciting car chases , total lack of tension and urgency , Connery in his most bored and by-the-numbers performance as 007 , one of the dumbest Bond Girls ever ( though she begins as smart ) , and so on . The redeeming virtues are few : the brutal and realistic fistfight in the elevator , the memorable ( and sexy ) encounter with " Bambi " and " Thumper " , the sometimes-funny quips of the " Mr . Wint-Mr . Kidd " team , Charles Gray's amusing ( if not imposing ) performance as Blofeld . Overall though , it's a shame Connery had to end his early Bond legacy ( 12 years before his not-much-better comeback in " Never Say Never Again " ) with this turkey . ( )
486986	386241	67004	4.0	Vapid film	What's the point of this film ? What does it have to say ? And why does Dyan Cannon disappear so early on ? You'll have all those questions running through your mind while you're watching " Doctor's Wives " , but this vapid , pointless , soap-opera-level film provides no answers . A very superficial treatment of potentially strong subjects . A great cast that is thoroughly wasted . And a heart-surgery scene that is not for the squeamish . ( )
486312	386241	85601	4.0	Too silly .	Hill and Spencer are mistaken for secret agents . At the time , the Bond franchise was still popular , so this film was probably an atempt at a Bond spoof , but it clearly lacks the wit to put it over . It's unabashedly silly - too silly to engage anyone over the age of ten ( wait till you hear the villain's plan for world domination ) . This kind of movie should always wrap things up in under 80 minutes ; this one goes on 25 minutes longer than that . ( )
486993	386241	118644	5.0	Morally repugnant , cinematically exciting .	Michell Seraut is an aging assassin who trains the young , disoriented Mathieu Kassovitz ( who also directed ) to be his successor . And this is yet another movie that blames TV and video games for the violence in our society , and repeats the idea of killers with moral codes , who are not really butchers and . . . well , it's a rotten world anyway , the politicians are on the take , you know . I found it morally repugnant . But because Kassovitz is a talented director , it's often cinematically exciting . There's a startling plot development midway through , although the story generally shows little concern for logic . However , the film has to get extra points for its grim ending , which , considering more recent tragic events , proved to be almost prophetic . ( )
487107	386241	118645	5.0	Sexy Shannon Tweed sparks a typical , brainless action film	Shannon Tweed spends much of this movie bikini-clad , and if there is a 40-year-old actress out there with a better body than hers ( except maybe for Ursula Andress ) , I can't remember her right now . She also looks spectacular firing two guns simultaneously , and her fighting moves are quick and graceful - you don't expect a woman who made a name for herself by starring in countless soft-core erotic thrillers to be a convincing fighter , but somehow Tweed is . Of course this is first and foremost a Hulk HOGan film , and of course he HOGs the spotlight : his delivery is totally flat , but I have to admit that his climactic fight with Billy Blanks is pretty good . Carl Weathers and Martin Kove are both past their prime , but hell , they can still have a go at the action genre if they really want to . Production values are better than expected and there are lots of explosions , but Tweed is basically the only reason I'm giving this film a rating ( could have been higher if she fought more ) .
486449	386241	442857	5.0	One great match . . . .	. . . . and it most certainly is NOT the heavily hyped main event , but the match right before it . 1 ) Rey Mysterio and Eddie Guerrero ( RIP ) vs . The Basham Brothers ( for the WWE tag team title ) . Good teamwork by the Bashams , who go for an interesting mix of power moves and technical holds . Eddie does some creative cheating , but Rey Mysterio fans may be a little disappointed in this match , as he doesn't get to do much of his usual high-flying and spends most of the time on the receiving end of the Basham's offense . Rookie Diva Contest ( RDC ) - Round 1 . Joy , Rochelle , Lauren and Michelle walk down the aisle , enter the ring . . . . and the contest is over . I guess the object of the contest is " which woman looks better walking in a revealing dress " . I pick Torrie Wilson . 2 ) Heidenreich vs . Booker T . First of all , Heidenreich's " psycho " gimmick is stale . Victoria already did it - and did it better - three years ago . And he is also totally static in the ring . Booker T tries to wake up the crowd a little , but fails . A poor match with a poor DQ finish . 3 ) Paul London vs . Chavo Guerrero vs . Shannon Moore vs . Spike Dudley vs . Akio vs . Funaki . Elimination Match for the cruiserweight title . Fast-paced action , as you'd expect from the cruiserweights , in fact TOO fast , almost rushed ( it reminded me of the women's fatal 4-way in " Bad Blood 2004 " ) . In my opinion , Shannon Moore gives the best show , but he only has 2 minutes of action . The crowd was pretty much dead throughout - just a like a sign that a guy holds says , the division definitely needs a bigger push . RDC - Round 2 . Talent competition . Joy massages Torrie . Rochelle tells a bad joke . Lauren dances a little . Michelle finally does something wrestling-related by body-slamming Dawn Marie , proving that at least this time they made the right choice by keeping only her in the roster . 4 ) Luther Reigns vs . The Undertaker . Boooooooriiiiiiiing ! Barely any wrestling holds in this one , but plenty of fake-looking punches . The commentators can hype up The Undertaker as much as they want , I just plain don't like the guy . RCD - Round 3 . Swimsuit competition . Self-explanatory . The crowd seems to prefer Michelle . The fans on WWE . com voted for Joy . I'd still pick Torrie over any of them . 5 ) Kurt Angle vs . John Cena . A very good match , mostly thanks to Angle , who is without a doubt the best wrestler in this PPV . Very well-thought-out in terms of psychology , with Angle going for some exceptional freestyle mat wrestling and Cena trying to counter with a street-fighting style . Easily the match of the night . 6 ) JBL vs . The Big Show . Barbed Wire Steel Cage Match for the WWE title . If you're looking for blood , you'll find it here . If you're looking for quality wrestling , you won't . JBL spends more time trying to find a way out of the cage than trying to fight The Big Show ( smart move on his part ) . Funny ending , though . By the way , the " Wrestlemania 21 " teasers are surprisingly successful .
485640	386241	118615	5.0	OK pic .	This movie has been viciously attacked by most reviewers , yet it's actually an OK horror pic . At least it's acceptable , while " Jaws 3-D " , for example , isn't . The effects were uneven and the snake DID look fake at times , but the performances were all decent . Voigh is supposed to be slimy , and he pulls it off pretty well . The it's-not-dead-yet ending is very cliched .
487138	386241	105121	5.0	Acceptable but flawed .	This bloody horror movie had the potential to be a terrific little picture ; great , inventive set design , original story , a likable kid as the lead . But the performances of the actors who play the villains get increasingly over-the-top ( " I got him ! I got him ! I got him ! " ) , and the movie begins to slip into self-parody . And there is also the matter of some exceedingly ugly scenes that were quite unnecessary ; we had already been convinced that the villains are really demented .
486734	386241	95626	5.0	An OK change-of-pace for Bronson .	Bronson is rather miscast as a reporter ( who still can punch and defeat any opponent ) , but this is one of his least typical and most solid vehicles from the 80's . It begins with a weird , effectively staged massacre and includes some offbeat elements along with the familiar ones . It's still nothing special , though . It's one of those curiously forgettable films that keep you interested while you're watching them , but leave no lasting impression .
486267	386241	156408	5.0	Well-directed but pretty ho-hum French thriller	Using dreams as a means of expressing a character's hidden fears and desires is an old trick , and Claude Miller overdoes it ; there are probably more dream sequences than actual events in this movie . Some of them are startling ( one involving a severed talking head , another a machine-gun massacre ) , but the story is boring ( you don't have to be a detective to figure out the truth ) , and the kid is boring , too , with a fixed stare that never changes throughout the film ( though it's probably not his fault , but Miller's ) . " La Classe De Neige " belongs in a subgenre that could be called " the world from a child's point of view " , but doesn't make its way into the top of the list . ( )
486552	386241	73744	5.0	A " so what ? " kind of film .	This Italian crime film is interesting at first , but the pace never picks up . Fabio Testi is a good-hearted robber stranded at the " Last Chance Motel " , Ursula Andress is the beautiful ( but somewhat stiff ) wife of the motel's owner , and Eli Wallach is Testi's partner , who comes after him when the diamonds they stole somehow disappear . You'd expect that the appearance of Wallach would help increase the tension , but that doesn't happen . Some of the night scenes ( including the sex scene ) are so dark you can't see anything ! ( )
486203	386241	95719	5.0	Unimaginative .	Unimaginatively directed , often preposterous horror / sci-fi film that borrows heavily from a lot of other movies - but mainly from " The Birds " , " The Fly " ( it's here that the movie gets really preposterous ) and " Alien " . It isn't terrible , but it isn't successful , either . Even if you seriously hate cockroaches , this movie isn't really going to scare you .
487263	386241	83642	5.0	Energetic but insipid .	Boisterous and insipid musical comedy . Burt Reynolds is quite likable in one of his least typical films ; Dolly Parton is well-cast ( and buxom beyond belief ) ; Dom De Luise's performance is overshadowed by his awful wig ; and Charles Durning has the film's best number , in which he celebrates his own elusiveness ( as a governor ) . The film's glorification of prostitution and general old-fashioned approach make it seem like it came from an earlier era . ( )
487186	386241	455362	5.0	A clichd but effective horror film	Movie concepts don't get much simpler than this : on a supposedly deserted island , genetically enhanced , rabid-like dogs attack five college kids who have gone there for a weekend of fun . It's kind of surprising that a movie like this , made in 2006 , still gets theatrical release in some countries ; this is usually direct-to-DVD stuff . With that said , however , " The Breed " is effective at what it sets out to do . What gives this movie an edge over other contemporary " creature features " is that the " creatures " are real , highly-trained dogs instead of fake CGI bats , crocodiles , snakes , spiders or whatever . This adds an element of realism to the proceedings , as does the fact that the characters behave rationally for the most part . Michelle Rodriguez looks great ( what else is new ? ) and shows her physicality , and the rest of the cast may not be brilliant , but they're not bad , either . The movie does suffer from a terrible ending though - it was probably intended as a shock but it's so sudden that it looks as if the producers ran out of money or time or something . ( )
487470	386241	65143	5.0	No big deal .	This was the first film that the famous Italian horror master Dario Argento made , and it has some of the ( expected ) amateurishness of a directorial debut ( especially in the guidance of some of the actors ) . The plot , mixing slasher-movie elements with a homage to Hitchcock , is clever enough to keep your interest , but the movie as a whole doesn't go far beyond the level of respectable mediocrity . ( )
485768	386241	78087	5.0	Decent , bloody " Jaws " rip-off .	Often mistaken for a parody , " Piranha " is actually a full-blooded ( and extremely bloody ) " Jaws " rip-off , with only a handful of humorous lines . While it can't even approach the level of " Jaws " , it's a lot better than the three fairly terrible " Jaws " sequels , and provides decent entertainment . . . if you don't mind the heavy doses of blood
485950	386241	47794	5.0	Loaded with technical trickery , but not with laughs	" Abbott and Costello Meet the Keystone Kops " is a film about the early days of cinema , and contains a lot of cinematic tricks itself : stunt doubling , back projection , fast motion , reverse motion , freeze frame , special effects , etc . Some of these tricks work ( the horse jump over a cliff is a fantastic shot which I still can't figure out how they pulled off ) , some don't ( the plane scenes look especially fake ) , but the real problem is that the story is episodic and A & C have only two routines worth mentioning : one at the start , with Abbott mistaken as Costello's violent father , and one involving two pairs of cops and burglars , one fake ( Bud & Lou ) and one real . The climactic chase , involving the title " Kops " , is frenetic but unfunny . This type of slapstick will still appeal to young kids , but anyone over the age of 12 will probably be begging for some more verbal humor . ( )
486307	386241	112782	5.0	Disappointing Andy Sidaris fare	" The Dallas Connection " delivers the expected breasts , travelogue footage , explosions , and even some legitimate plot twists , but it has too many drawn-out non-action sequences , probably the result of Andy Sidaris & son Christian stretching the film to make it reach the 90-minute mark . As the female lead , Sam Phillips is a poor replacement for Suzi Simpson ( not to mention Dona Speir ) . Suzi did a very good job in " Enemy Gold " , and I wonder why Sidaris didn't cast her again . Sam is portrayed as useless in the action scenes . She is easily controlled by an unarmed man , while in " Enemy Gold " Suzi easily disarmed an armed man in about 3 seconds - see the difference ? Julie K . Smith and Wendy Hamilton ( a stunningly beautiful woman ) do about 95 % stripping and 5 % action . Julie Strain is fine as long as she doesn't have to speak - when she does , the illusion is ruined . In terms of the female action quotient , this is probably Sidaris ' most disappointing film since " Malibu Express " . ( )
487555	386241	105212	5.0	Mediocre	Richard Norton and Cynthia Rothrock have teamed up several times in martial arts movies , either as partners or as opponents , both in Hong Kong and in America . This is one of their American pairings , and it cannot qualify as one of their best . The story is sloppy in parts , and the fight scenes are only so-so ( and sometimes poorly shot ) . However , the two leads make an enjoyable team , and the movie gets some extra life from a colorful supporting cast that includes Brian Thompson as the main villain , a quite funny Alex Datcher as " Hannah the Hun " , Stephen Davies as a druggie ex-stockbroker that everyone calls " Baby " , not one but TWO ( Terri Treas and Catherine Bach ) stunning redheads ( I love redheads ) , and in a bit part , female kickboxer Kathy Long . A good B-movie cast in a mediocre B-movie . ( )
487340	386241	160644	5.0	Hollow .	Although the premise is far from original ( like someone else already said , it had been used only two years earlier by Raoul Ruiz in a film called " Shattered Image " ) , it is certainly interesting . It's the kind of premise that makes you want to see a movie , and that keeps you watching it all the way to the end . The film itself is dull , however . The filmmakers have chosen to de-emphasize the mystery / fantasy aspects of the story , and to emphasize the romantic aspect . But for all the time that is devoted to them , both romances that Demi gets involved in are pretty hollow , and visually the film is much less inventive than " Shattered Image " . Eventually the truth is revealed , but even that is done in a most anti-climactic manner . ( )
486744	386241	30696	5.0	Big disappointment .	A big disappointment from the Marx Brothers . The few and weak " memorable quotes " simply indicate the low level of invention in this stagey picture . Groucho Marx in particular looks tired and indifferent . Harpo seems to be in a happier mood , but he has hardly enough screen time . It's hard to believe it , but this Marx film is at times downright boring .
487008	386241	118541	5.0	Not recommended .	The premise of eight elusive disembodied heads is promising , for a black comedy at least , but the rest of the script is way too convoluted , with way too many characters . The entire cast tries hard ( in Dyan Cannon's case , TOO hard ) , and there are some sporadic laughs , but overall this is a pretty desperate - not to mention appallingly racist - comedy . Terrific makeup effects , though . ( )
486549	386241	78330	5.0	Straightforward Craven thriller is not bad - for a TV movie	Linda Blair is this film's main draw today , but Lee Purcell is the real star of the show : at first I wasn't too sure about her , but she has the mysteriously seductive presence that her role calls for , and her performance literally gets better by the minute . This may be a Wes Craven movie , but it is also a TV movie , so it is rather tame in terms of sexuality and violence ; there are few real surprises and few real thrills until the last 15 minutes and the ( long awaited ) catfight between Blair and Purcell . With its " evil stranger is disrupting the life of a normal happy family " plot , you could say that this film was ahead of its time ; thrillers of this type didn't become popular until the early 90's , with " The Hand That Rocks The Cradle " and others like it . But one look at Linda's hair will convince you that it was NOT ahead of its time in other areas . In short , rent it but don't buy it . ( )
487200	386241	91193	5.0	Forget the " names " . . . . Nelia is the real show here	Maud Adams ( of " Octopussy " fame ) is a Nazi hunter who tries to get close to an infamous Nazi war criminal ( Stewart Granger ) by marrying his nephew . But the Nazi finds out her plans and has her killed . Now it's up to her daughter and a young soldier ( who saves her life ) to go to Paraguay , discover the Nazi's secret base and take him out . Despite being shot on location in Brazil and Paraguay , and having some semi-big names in the cast ( it must be noted that George Lazenby has a very small role ) , " Hell Hunters " is a low-grade , fairly unbelievable action film that moves in fits and starts . Main point of interest , for me at least , was a strong action-girl supporting role for the beautiful Nelia J . Cozza , who helps the heroes in their mission . The female lead is not bad either , she looks a bit like Martha Plimpton . ( )
485841	386241	104998	5.0	Works best as a celebration of Tweed's body .	Shannon Tweed , who is of course incomparably better that Tanya Roberts ( the star of the first " Night Eyes " ) in every possible way , spices up this erotic thriller that is a sequel only in the sense that Andrew Stevens plays the same character . Tweed has some really steamy workout scenes , and her sex scenes are very well-photographed , but eventually get a little boring through overlength . The plot is minimal , though the film tries to " pump up " the thriller aspect in the last 20 minutes , by including some unexpectedly brutal and raw violence . ( )
487466	386241	87909	5.0	Visually impressive but unmemorable .	This gory and somewhat dreamy horror film has acquired a cult following over the years , but don't count me among its fans . Argento does deliver some effective shocks ( especially in the scene where the face of the mutant kid is revealed ; it is far more grotesque and repellent than you might expect ) , but they don't add up to much . The film lacks substance , and its nice visuals can't completely make up for that . Warning : this pic is definitely not for the squeamish . ( )
486957	386241	26138	5.0	Warning : this is an irreverent comment .	Right from the extremely hokey prologue , I knew that I was going to be disappointed with this film . I was right . This film has lost much of its edge over the years . You can still appreciate it intellectually , of course , for its historical importance ( the prototype for horror sequels ) , you can admire its great sets , and watch some memorable , famous sequences . But it is never scary in the slightest , and none of the characters is developed enough . Elsa Lanchester has only a couple of minutes as the Bride , but she upstages the rest of the cast with her heartbreaking performance - she plays it straight . Perhaps the rest of the movie would have benefited from a similar approach . ( )
486684	386241	78294	5.0	. . . And You Won't Care To Find Out Who It Was	What do you get when you mix together cutesy-poo romance , self-conscious comedy and a muddled mystery plot that nobody cares about ? You get this Hitchcock imitation that can't stand up to any kind of comparison with the real thing . Farrah Fawsett is too flat here to make us believe that any man would become infatuated with her at first sight . ( )
487150	386241	198279	5.0	The absence of many good serial killer thrillers is indeed a problem . . .	This is a fairly dull , yet still moderately engaging police procedural . Stephen Baldwin plays the detective who tries to stop a serial killer by finding the clue to his motives in his sordid childhood . The detective has also lost his son recently , a side-plot which adds nothing to the main plot whatsoever , except perhaps that it gives Baldwin the opportunity to be brooding and soulful throughout the film , making the already grim atmosphere ( although there is almost no on-screen violence ) even more gloomy . The biggest shock of the film comes at the very end , in the credits , when it is revealed that the female psychologist-police consultant is played by Tyne Daly ! I wouldn't have recognized her in a million years ! ( )
485817	386241	61401	5.0	Tepid comedy .	A tepid , extremely mild , fairly tedious , slightly overlong comedy . The first half has some reasonably funny bits ( like the one that takes place in a phone-booth ) , but in the second half things get pretty desperate . Jerry Lewis himself is appealing when he is playing the " straight man " , but irritating when he appears disguised . And the direction has no comic timing whatsoever .
486262	386241	160484	5.0	Some good shocks , but the story is very tired .	This movie does offer a couple of good shocks , and Ben Chaplin is impressive as the-man-destined-to-be-Satan ( he gives a new meaning to the phrase " Sympathy for the Devil " ) , but the story is tired - just another " Omen " / " The Exorcist " knockoff ( and if you're an atheist , very close to being mindless hokum ) . The ( intentionally ) underlit cinematography is more unattractive than atmospheric ; however , I did like the strangely downbeat ending . ( )
486063	386241	83959	5.0	Too dark and choppy to be enjoyed .	Yet another " Alien " imitation , except that the monster here is not an alien but the product of a genetic mutation , and also appears to be able to understand English and operate computers at one point . Exploitations fans will be thrilled to know that the film has not one , but TWO sensuous ( and promiscuous ) women in it , and ends with a pretty gruesome ( if unbelievable ) climax . However , the film is SO darkly photographed and choppily edited that it's often REALLY hard to decipher what's going on ( especially when the monster attacks ) . And see if you can figure out what's the point of the opening flash-forwards . ( )
486334	386241	87796	5.0	You've seen it all before .	Toxic chemical fluid infects the residents of a small Southern town , turning them into mutated , bloodthirsty monsters . So what else is new ? This totally ordinary film ( technically not a zombie flick , though the monsters do look a lot like zombies ) , has good acting by Wings Hauser and Bo Hopkins and OK special effects , but . . . . . you've seen it all before . Lots of Southern stereotypes , too . ( )
487385	386241	101004	5.0	Lots of heavy breathing and local color . . .	This is a great-looking film , filmed in rich colors and beautiful New Orleans locations . But dramatically it doesn't fare so well ; it's mostly a monotonous series of heavy-breathing sequences , interrupted by dialogue passages that seem to exist only because a film can't be made ONLY with sex scenes . We also get lots of gratuitous nudity from the statuesque Erika Anderson , who's married to Judge Reinhold ( fairly good , but not good enough to be taken absolutely seriously as a dramatic actor yet ) and pursued by Nicolas Cage ( in a smug performance he would probably like to forget today ) . Overall , not a horrible film , but not outstanding , either . ( )
487574	386241	91575	5.0	OK if predictable .	An OK if relentlessly , thoroughly predictable Bronson thriller , certainly better than a " Death Wish " sequel . Some amusing profanities stand out and almost save the very boring script . Thomson's direction is routine .
486714	386241	105459	5.0	Totally derivative	" Split Second " is nothing more than a transparent " Predator " ripoff . The script of this sci-fi thriller is hopelessly derivative . . . . and stretches out an overly simple premise to 90 minutes of repetitive situations ; try counting how many times we see the two heroes walking slowly side-by-side , holding their " big guns " and searching for an " invisible " menacing presence , while we're supposed to be on the edge of our seats because the monster could " attack at any moment " . This is not a horrible film , but since both the " Predator " films are more fun , why should you see it ? ( )
485924	386241	213984	5.0	Monty Python Live , Part II : Not Exactly Live	I suppose if you see this compilation as a stand-alone feature , you'll probably find it good enough . But I saw it as part of the 2-disc " Monty Python Live ! " DVD edition ( and this comment is meant ONLY for those who see it this way ) , and although it has some funny moments ( " nobody ever expects the Spanish Inquisition ! " ) , it is largely a waste of time . For one thing , you can see all these sketches elsewhere . For another , you can see many of them on the SAME DVD PACK . And for another , most of the best sketches ( " The Argument " , " Lumberjack's Song " , " World Forum " ) are infinitely better executed in " Live at the Hollywood Bowl " ( which is included on the other disc ) . If anything , this film helps you gain a greater appreciation of that film , and of how much experience improved the Pythons over the years . This disc also includes the first " German Episode " , which is alternately brilliant ( with some of Terry Gilliam's best animation ) and labored , and mostly of historical interest .
486313	386241	118301	5.0	" Attempted vehicular homicide . . . whatever the f that is ! "	Can a comedy be likable and dismal at the same time ? If your answer is " no " , you obviously haven't seen " Dead Man On Campus " yet . On the one hand , this is a blatantly insensitive and tasteless film , with some moralizing thrown in at the end , as if the filmmakers want to convince you that yes , deep down inside , they know that suicide and depression are serious matters . On the other hand , there are some laughs , courtesy mostly of the much-mentioned " Cliff " guy , and some accurate observations about college life . On the whole this premise seems better suited to a thriller than to a comedy . . . I'll have to check out " Dead Man's Curve " sometime soon . ( )
487337	386241	105242	5.0	Routine horror cheapie .	Like another film based on H . P . Lovecraft's books ( " From Beyond " ) , " The Resurrected " takes such high concepts as time , immortality and even the control of the universe and reduces them to a cataclysm of messy , jelly , gruesome special effects . The effects , even in their occasional clumsiness , do have a morbid fascination , but the movie is padded with long scenes of people investigating dark rooms / corridors / catacombs , and it tries your patience , because the ultimate nature of the " mysterious experiments " is not that hard to guess ( ehm , look at the title ) . ( )
486335	386241	87622	5.0	Mostly talky and boring , but offers a few shocks .	" The Lift " does have some suspenseful scenes scattered here an there , but too many talky , boring stretches leading up to them . The premise is handled in a way that has us knowing all along what is causing the horrible " accidents " , and we're simply left in the uncomfortable position of waiting for the characters to figure it out , too . And the atrocious dubbing doesn't help . If you absolutely must see a Dutch thriller , try catching " Amsterdamned " , which was made five years later by the same director ( and with the same leading man ! ) . It's more exciting . ( )
486126	386241	112995	5.0	Standard action film with a solid female lead	" Excessive Force II " has a thin revenge plot ( which can almost be summed up in the following sentence : " They left her for dead . . . . and now they're going to pay " ) , but the action ( fights , explosions , and a car chase ) is not bad , and Stacie Randall is a solid heroine . Not only does she have a stunningly beautiful face and a magnificent body , but she also handles the action like a pro . Some of her fight scenes are thrilling ( the choreography is by James Lew and Phillip Tan , both with numerous similar credits on IMDb ) , and she's not afraid to get down and dirty when the part requires it . In short , those expecting a brilliant action film won't get it here , and the fans of the original ( yes , all 3 of them ) won't like the fact that this " sequel " is completely unrelated , but fans of action films with strong female leads won't be disappointed . ( )
486962	386241	105219	5.0	Formulaic but painless .	Highly formulaic action picture , Brandon Lee's last fully completed film . It's far inferior to the stylish , almost poetic " Crow " , and Lee's fighting skills aren't quite in the class of those that his father presented in his movies , but it's not too bad if you're looking for a childish , painless actioner , where a shootout breaks out every three minutes .
487517	386241	83791	5.0	Plods .	" The Dark Crystal " is a technical achievement , to be sure , no arguments there . . . but it's also as ponderous in its pace as the eternally plodding Mystics themselves . There are two major possible responses to a film like this : the first ( and obviously the most popular one , especially for those who saw it for the first time when they were kids ) is to fall in love with the film and admire its uniqueness ; the other is to find it simply interesting to look at , but to feel completely shut out emotionally . They created an artificial world , all right . . . . ( )
487289	386241	66434	5.0	" 2378 , can you come to 7654 , we have a 4721 . . . . "	Muddled , pretentious sci-fi allegory , though it does have some good ideas , buried under a load of pretension . I'd recommend this only to the most fanatic genre fans . But try , if you can , to see the widescreen version , because I've rarely seen a film that suffered so badly from being presented in the standard format . In a film filled with awkward things , the MOST awkward is Donald Pleasence's presence . He walks around looking as though he just escaped from the loony bin . Even this mad future world is too sane a place for him . ( )
486544	386241	206220	5.0	Rent it for Shannon Tweed , stay with it for Danielle Ciardi	Shannon Tweed is beginning to look her age here ( she was 42 when this was made ) , but she is still in top physical shape , and she briefly gets to put her kickboxing lessons ( probably from the two " No Contest " films ) to use . Although her name is the main - er , the ONLY - reason anybody will rent " Powerplay " , she is not " exposed " as often as her co-star , Danielle Ciardi , who is an extremely hot woman , with a great face and body , and a decent actress as well . On the other hand , the male actors range from wooden to horrible . The plot starts out as predictable , and then just gets stupider by the minute . The characters make so many blunders that after a while you lose count of them . ( )
486085	386241	95246	5.0	Excruciatingly muddled	Tommy Lee Jones certainly knows how to deliver a sharp line when he gets one : a man tells him " I want you to find my wife . She's following me everywhere " , and he immediately responds " Why don't you slow down and let her catch up to you ? " . But soft-core sex scenes are not exactly his forte , especially when his partner is the 17-years-younger Virginia Madsen ( though if your sole interest is seeing a young Madsen naked you WILL be satisfied , repeatedly ) . However , the main problem with the film is that it tries to be smart and unusual and hip , but counts on your not thinking about the story for more than a minute ; if you DO think about it , it's really utterly stupid . To quote Jones , this film is like " a bad dream that you can't wake up from " . ( )
487315	386241	83755	5.0	A grim , straightforward WIP drama	" The Concrete Jungle " doesn't offer anything you haven't seen before , but it's still an absorbing , fairly well-made & acted little Women-In-Prison drama . What the fans of this sub-genre need to know is that the filmmakers have taken a mostly serious-minded approach here , at least until the last 10 minutes when a massive fight that breaks out in the prison yard turns into a mudbath ! Most of the time , though , the film simply chronicles , in a straightforward manner , the daily struggle for survival of a 100 % innocent woman who tries to adapt to the harsh prison life . Tracey Bregman's sweet , innocent-looking face is perfect for the part , and she is surrounded by actresses who mostly manage , in a short amount of time , to build their own characters . The standout for me was June Barret as the bad girl Icy , who is both strong and insecure . ( )
486370	386241	65486	5.0	Disappointing teaming of two top French stars .	When a movie pairs Alain Delon and Jean-Paul Belmondo , casting them as initially small-time crooks who work their way up the underworld ladder in 30's France , I think we have a right to expect something better than this . Pedestrian direction and a script that manages to be both dull and rushed make for a pretty unexciting movie . The stars are as charismatic as ever , but that isn't enough . ( )
487239	386241	87578	5.0	Broadly silly , at times funny Jackie Chan comedy .	How much you'll enjoy this film depends on how much silliness you're willing to tolerate . Sample exchange : " I know seven ways to break into that castle " " Why not six or eight ? " " Because seven is my lucky number ! " It's all rather shoddily made , but at the same time winningly lighthearted . There's very little action until the last 10 minutes . . . . then there's some really good action ( Jackie's fight , Yuen Biao's amazing acrobatics ) . ( ) P . S . Doesn't the pretty Lola Forner look a lot like Carole Bouquet ?
486397	386241	100968	5.0	A mess , with some redeeming factors	Okay , since nobody else has commented on " Born To Fight " / " Angel's Mission " so far , I should probably write a short plot synopsis to give you an idea what it's all about . Problem is , the script of this movie is so disjointed and sloppily thrown-together that it's quite hard to keep track of all its characters and subplots . Let's just say that Yukari Oshima plays a Japanese policewoman who , while on vacation in Hong Kong , is asked to investigate the disappearance of several Japanese girls who were working as strippers / hookers at a night club that Yukari's mother happens to be the manager of . One of those girls is Dick Wei's sister , and he also comes to HK to find out what happened to her . Meanwhile , a local female cop is investigating the activities of a high-profile HK citizen who is actually a crime boss , and whose right hand man ( Phillip Ko ) is planning to betray him and take over his business . Got all that ? Not that it matters much , anyway . What matters is that Yukari is impressive in her several fight scenes ( I liked her sporty outfits too ) , and the other female cop is a bonus babe who looks as good as she fights and shoots . for the action , 3 for everything else , 5 in average .
487301	386241	61176	5.0	Chaotic	The first half is promising : Blake Edwards ridicules the foolishness of militarism and sets up an unusual situation full of comic possibilities . But in the second half the film changes tone and the action is so poorly staged that it all becomes a loud and chaotic mess . It's still better than " The Great Race " , though . . . . . ( )
486880	386241	390463	5.0	Should have been better	Despite the ( wooden ) family drama and the ( half-baked ) sci-fi elements , this is essentially a fighting movie , in the style of , say , " Mortal Kombat " . The fights are acceptable , but nothing special . The film makes a noble attempt to include a variety of styles ( grappling , streetfighting , weapons fighting , " monkey kung fu " , etc . ) , but although all the participants are legitimate martial artists , the director and the choreographers don't get maximum performances out of them . Second and third-billed Cynthia Rothrock and Lorenzo Lamas have one fight each , and Lamas ' part is pretty much a cameo ; the real second lead after Don " The Dragon " Wilson is Dan Mayid who plays his son , and who is obviously a gifted athlete ( and breakdancer ! ) . A lot of cheesy digital effects and some picturesque locations complete the picture . . . . oh , and Rebecca Chaney ( The Scorpion ) is HOT . Get this girl in more action movies as soon as possible . ( )
487325	386241	108588	5.0	OK film with wooden acting .	Moderately interesting mystery tale , but hampered by some unclear plot points and wooden performances by the three main leads ( Robert Mitchum , in a supporting role , towers above them all ) . Bo Derek is in great shape for a woman in her late thirties , but she's totally expressionless ; still , it's the smug Steven Bauer that ranks at the top of the bad-acting list . Sex-wise , there is really only one scene worth mentioning ( on a motorcycle ) , but at least it's a memorably bold one . ( )
486052	386241	83715	5.0	Slapdash comedy	Bud Spencer plays a cop ( named , in an obvious attempt to pass him off as an American , Alan Parker ( ! ) ) who has to temporarily cancel his family vacation to re-capture a gigolo ( named Tony Roma ( ! ) ) who seduces older women and then steals their jewelry . But when that man becomes a witness to a Mafia killing , he and Bud team up to put the REAL bad guys behind bars . After seeing him in about 8-10 films , I've come to the conclusion that Bud Spencer has an undeniable comic talent . Unfortunately , in " Cane e Gatto " there is no one else to support him or play off against him : Tomas Milian is an unfunny caricature of a self-assured gigolo who wears kitschy suits , drives a pink car and is dubbed with an overdone Italian accent , and Marc Lawrence is a less unfunny , but still unfunny , caricature of a Mafia don . This is slapdash ( notice the rapid night-to-day change between the hotel scene and the chase that follows immediately afterwards ) , simple-minded film-making . out of 4 , and that's very generous .
486382	386241	95311	5.0	Acceptable , if ordinary , action film .	" Hit List " is a perfectly acceptable little actioner . Anyone who has seen a fair amount of action pics will agree that the quality of this movie is average , and not nearly as low as it often gets in this genre . An extremely untalented lead is a major disappointment here , but the good supporting roles ( particularly a colorful Torn , who seems to slightly imitate De Niro's version of Al Capone from " The Untouchables " ) make up for that . The script is ordinary , and gets far-fetched at the end , but the slick production values keep the film watchable .
486235	386241	95299	5.0	Not the worst of its type .	Yes , it's another ( belated ) slasher film , and not the worst of its type , actually . It has at least SOME believable characters ( though a few are poorly played ) , and for a while it's fun just trying to predict who's gonna die first and who will be the ultimate survivor ( s ) . The resolution is dumb , though , and the ending is even dumber . Devoted slasher fans may want to check it out , but just wait until it's shown on TV , don't rush out for it . ( )
486485	386241	83734	5.0	Banal Delon vehicle with well-executed violence	As an Alain Delon vehicle , " Le Choc " is a shockingly ( pun intended ) banal programmer , occasionally livened up by the well-executed moments of violence ( and they are plenty : fork through the palm , knife through the head , fireplace poker through the stomach , etc . ) . As one of the very few Delon-Deneuve pairings , it's nothing much : the only surprising thing about their love scene is how early into the film it comes . Delon has played this kind of role a million times before , but he does give a convincing performance , and easily ( at least on this occasion ) outclasses Deneuve . They both go for a rather " inexpressive " style of acting , but you can read a lot more on his face that you can on hers . For those who might care , he also has a full-frontal nude scene in this film BUT it's shot from a long distance and he's behind a glass wall . ( )
486758	386241	171326	5.0	Standard straight-to-video erotic / courtroom thriller	High-profile lawyer falls for her client , a suspect in a kinky murder case , but is he innocent or guilty ? Could she be in danger of becoming the next victim or is it all a conspiracy ? As you can see , " Forbidden Sins " is the umpteenth variation on the familiar " Jagged Edge " / " Body Of Evidence " formula and unfortunately this film is not made with enough energy or style to set itself apart from the pack , though it must be said that it is more explicit than most mainstream releases in this genre . Shannon Tweed herself has only one sex scene , but the woman is still in such fantastic shape that I'll push the rating of the film to a probably undeserved just for her .
487306	386241	65555	5.0	Aimless , but with some imaginative sequences .	One of Bronson's oddest films , but still not as odd as Morricone's ultra-weird score . The plot is standard " revenge " stuff , but there are some imaginatively shot sequences ( like the unexpected finale ) by the Italian Sollima , who shows some flair . The fast-cutting , " neurotic " editing is clumsy , however , and reminded me of the editing in " On Her Majesty's Secret Service " , which was made one year earlier . The widescreen photography really suffers on TV .
486023	386241	87538	5.0	Good for kids , lethargic for adults .	This is a good film for kids and a pleasant diversion for the whole family . But it's just SO utterly predictable ! It suffers from lethargic pacing , which makes the predictability even more apparent . If a " classic " is a film you can watch over and over , then this is no classic : if you're an adult and you've seen it at least twice , try it one more time : it may put you to sleep !
485657	386241	69947	5.0	Tedious	Very tedious . It requires a lot of patience to keep watching , yet you're expecting a great finale . Unfortunately , the climax is pretty anticlimactic , and certainly not worth the wait . The film succeeds as a tour around Europe but fails as a suspenser . It's slow and unrewarding , with one plus : Fox's on-target performance .
486364	386241	221889	5.0	Bad imitation of Tarantino with female leads .	Too routine for a thriller , too unpleasant for a " comedy " ( a comedy ? please ! ) , too contrived for a crime caper ( let me get this straight : the whole mess begins when a dog bites off a corpse's finger ? ) and too reverse-sexist ( all the men are vicious , sleazy bs ) for its female characters to be even the least bit sympathetic . A misfire . ( )
486846	386241	91799	5.0	A slight improvement over " II " . . . but still nothing new .	" Psycho III " is actually a slight improvement over the routine and muddled second part ; it has much better production values , Perkins gives a sly performance and his direction is often stylish . Still , it often feels like a typical 80's exploitation film , because of its explicit violence and nudity . And it contains some undoubtedly campy moments - Norman asks his " mother " to stop " laughing at him " , while the only one who is laughing in the room is the famous " Woody Woodpecker " in a cartoon that's on TV at the time . " Psycho III " is NOT for Hitchcock followers , but for those who want to waste some time .
486557	386241	83178	5.0	Unpleasant , with a good Bruce Dern performance .	As a psychopathic tattoo artist , Bruce Dern has to work extra hard here , because the script is very sketchy as far as his motivations and background are concerned , but he is up to the task - he has some very creepy moments ( like his first outburst at a dinner table ) . As his " object of desire " , however , Maud Adams is fatally miscast : the way she plays the model in the first half of the movie , you just can't understand why anyone would become infatuated with her . This strange film might be worth a look if you can find it , but don't expect too much . ( )
486271	386241	109515	5.0	Trivial " Terminator " rip-off .	This is the first Don " The Dragon " Wilson movie I have ever seen , and nothing propels me to try out another one - sure , he is good at martial arts , but as an actor he has an uncharismatic screen presence . There's plenty of action in this film , with a new explosion every two minutes , and the effects are decent ( considering the low budget ) , but the final Wilson vs . Richard Norton ( a villain in some Jackie Chan movies also ) showdown is the only notable fight scene . stars if you look at this as a " normal " film , if you look at it as a " B-movie " .
486774	386241	56937	5.0	Is it ever going to end ? ? ?	This one is only for patient viewers . It's visually dazzling , all right , with some truly breathtaking crowd scenes ( although some of them do seem to exist only to call attention to the film's extravagant budget ) , but it's so unbelievably draggy that it seems to last four centuries instead of merely four hours ! The good acting ( Richard Burton has some strong monologues near the end ) is about the only thing that may sustain you for the whole duration . ( )
486528	386241	87461	5.0	Not much impact .	Despite wild chases galore , a great B-movie cast ( rather wasted ) and a very enjoyable score , this is an utterly routine action programmer . It pushes moviemaking back to the primitive " cops chase crooks " level , and does little to stand out in one's memory . It's not the worst way to spend a free hour-and-a-half , but not the best either . Not by a long shot . ( )
486795	386241	69986	5.0	Crude but fun	The only other Ted V . Mikels film I had seen before this is " Blood Orgy of the She-Devils " . And the only thing I remember about it is that it was completely awful . Thankfully , " The Doll Squad " is considerably better . It is crudely directed , with often poor continuity and laughable " special effects " ( low points : the fake explosions ) . But it is also ahead of its time : how many films do you suppose had been made before 1973 featuring female commandos using guns , explosives and martial arts to wipe out small armies of bad men ? Not many , that's for sure . Whether dressed in their bikinis or in their tight , form-fitting uniforms , the women in this film look good , and handle their basic action scenes fairly well . So " The Doll Squad " may not be art ( far from it , in fact ) , but from a female action cinema fan's perspective , it delivers where it counts . ( )
485938	386241	87464	5.0	Disappointing .	" Impulse " is a movie for which I had relatively high expectations : the idea of people losing the ability to control their impulses and totally disregarding all the established social rules sounds very , very intriguing . However , the result we get here is ( despite a few unexpected twists ) a disappointing and very slow-paced ( there is a dialogue-free passage where a man simply walks around for about seven minutes ) thriller . George Romero had used basically the same story ten years earlier in " The Crazies " - and he did it much better . ( )
486389	386241	69994	5.0	Effective BECAUSE of its ineptitude .	" Don't Look In The Basement " is an ineptly directed cheapie that will no doubt be considered indifferent and trashy by most viewers . While it is by no means a good film , I found it surprisingly effective BECAUSE of its ineptitude , which gives it a strange authenticity . The performances , probably by amateur actors , are convincing and add to the authenticity . But the film has its share of stupidity , too : those who complained about the " under-staffed " hospital in " Halloween II " haven't seen anything yet !
486577	386241	118040	5.0	Mediocre thriller .	A bungled whodunit that had good potential but was poorly executed by director John Dahl . He relies too much on cliched gimmicks ( mainly " shocking " illusions and dreams ) , and his plodding pacing only induces impatience on the viewer's part , which is the last thing a good mystery needs . But this isn't a good mystery anyway ; the villain's identity is way too easy to guess ( if you think about it afterwards , you'll realize that the plot follows practically the ONLY possible path to make the resolution " surprising " , although it's far from that . ) Ray Liotta is not particularly good here , but Linda Fiorentino , unexpectedly sweet , at least wins our sympathy . ( )
485740	386241	69995	5.0	More yawns than chills .	This movie is wildly overrated . I think that most of the viewers who call it " wonderful " or " unforgettable " actually recollect only some isolated effective sequences . But if you sit down and watch the whole thing from beginning to end , then it probably won't live up to its reputation ; repeated viewings will only reveal even more weaknesses . As a psychological study , the film doesn't succeed ; the characters are cold and lack depth . As a " horror " film , it doesn't succeed , either ; it's almost never horrifying . And as a " supernatural " thriller , it's hampered by a poor script - there are too few " weird " events , considering that the movie depends almost exclusively on them . I'll be the first person to admit that the climax is stunning and chilling , even in the third viewing . But if you know how the story will turn out , there is another problem : the exceedingly slow , SLEEP-INDUCING pacing . As for the unexplained details , they don't frustrate me so much ; I don't think director Roeg knows more about the meaning of this story than we do . As for the legendary love scene , yes , it IS bold and erotic and " natural " . But it's also as redundant and unnecessary as any sex scene in the cheapest " Friday The 13Th " sequel or in the most pretentious " art " film . And stop searching for symbolic meanings related to the color red . Although it IS present in the film's two most important scenes , it is absent most of the time . If there is a color that makes a strong visual impression here , that's the color gray , without a doubt .
486764	386241	167832	5.0	Ambitious Gary Daniels vehicle . . . . but " Bloodmoon " was better	What do you get when you mix Hong Kong-inspired fights and stunts , John Woo-type shootouts , spaghetti Western-like faceoffs and post-apocalyptic settings ala Albert Pyun ? You get " Cold Harvest " , except that this ambitious mix is not as interesting as it sounds . Gary Daniels is fun to watch , especially in the fight scenes , and Barbara Crampton does a surprisingly good job in her role , but why do they have the main villain , who turns out to be an awesome fighter , fight only once ( at the end ) , and kill people with his guns throughout the rest of the movie ? If you're a fan of Gary Daniels ( and I'm slowly becoming one myself ) check out " Bloodmoon " first , as it has more fights and a fantastic villain ( Darren Shahlavi ) . ( )
486361	386241	64615	5.0	Mediocre .	Pretentious Western , with a routine , ordinary " get-the-gold " script that can't match its pretencions . Still , there are some spectacular scenes and the unpredictability of the story does produce some mild suspense . Many big stars appear , but they don't give particularly memorable performances ; Sharif comes off best . ( )
486098	386241	485976	5.0	Overambitious and overlong , but has its moments	" Rob-B-Hood " tries to be too many things at once ( caper movie , slapstick comedy , action flick , " message " melodrama ) , and ends up quite messy . I found the story needlessly hard to follow , and the tearjerking at some points ( the " car battery " scene ) shamelessly overdone . The baby-in-jeopardy incidents aren't particularly entertaining either , especially for young mothers ! But there are some pretty good chase / fight scenes , a couple of amazing stunts ( though you can see in the making-of that some of them were done with the help of wires , you still can't deny Jackie's precision ) , and it's a treat to see Yuen Biao in ( brief ) fighting action again . It's also nice to see the HK film industry continuing its long tradition of impossibly beautiful women - Yuanyuan Gao , Charlene Choi and Cherrie Ying have the kind of faces you can just look at for hours . . . . neither of them are on the screen for very long though . For a better Benny Chan - Jackie Chan project , check out " Who Am I ? " or " New Police Story " . ( )
486996	386241	118025	5.0	Something is missing here . . . .	Now here's a movie that's hard to know how to react to . It's more interesting as a drama ; there are surprising complexities in Larry Cohen's script , and unexpected poignancy in some of the scenes with Isaac Hayes as a disillusioned war veteran . But as a horror film it's kind of half-hearted , and most of the blame for this failure must go to director Lustig , who has made several cult films over the years , but it's doubtful whether he has made one that can be called , without reservations , " good " . ( )
485998	386241	43425	5.0	Mildly amusing at best , creepy at worst	In " Comin ' Round the Mountain " a 14-year-old girl ( actually the actress who plays her looks about 25 , but that's beside the point ) has the hots for Lou Costello , and after they both drink a love potion Lou falls in love with her and she gets the hots for Bud Abbott ! At another point Lou says " You can't marry a 10-year-old girl . . . unless you come from these hills " . And I thought these films were supposed to be clean , wholesome entertainment ! The comedy never gets beyond the mildly amusing , the portrayal of the " country hicks " is totally stereotypical , and although Dorothy Shay is quite beautiful , her singing takes up too much screen time . The ending ( which I won't spoil here ) is by far the cleverest part - it has the kind of absurdist inspiration that the film needed more of . ( )
486282	386241	74258	5.0	Well-made film is almost ruined by a stupid ending .	Until its last 5 minutes , " Burnt Offerings " is a highly intriguing , very well-made horror film that has you glued to the screen , trying to guess what will happen next . Unfortunately , the final " revelation " is all-too-apparent at least 20 seconds earlier and the ending feels stupid because it doesn't make sense and it doesn't provide the explanations we have been expecting . Although I admire the screenwriter for not using too many " haunted house " cliches , I have to say that the final 5 minutes show incompetence on his part .
486979	386241	160184	5.0	" Eye See You " is a ludicrous title for a movie , so . . . .	. . . I'll call it " D-Tox " instead . Under any name , this is not as bad as the " no theatrical release " label indicates , but with this cast and this setting , it should have been much better . The whole production has a rushed , sloppy feel to it ; the characters are poorly defined ( Tom Berenger and Robert Prosky are especially wasted , while other actors barely even get to utter two or three lines - only Robert Patrick comes through with a strong characterization ) and the script is choppy - you never even get a clear idea of how the rehab center operates . And while the killer does serve his purpose ( i . e . , the audience wants him to die in as gruesome a way as possible ) , the revelation of his identity is pretty ho-hum - the filmmakers haven't bothered giving him any real motivation , so he could be just about anyone . Nonetheless , the director does manage to pull off some impressive shots , and Sylvester Stallone tries his hand at a more dramatic role than usual , with moderate success . ( )
486946	386241	118079	5.0	Strictly for Tweed's fans .	No better or worse than most of Shannon Tweed's straight-to-video films . The final twist is pretty clever and you probably won't see it coming , but the plot moves at about 5 miles per hour , and it's filled with stupid , bumbling characters that hurt its credibility ( notice the scene where the hero practically hands over a gun to a potential murderess ; or how about the scene where the killer has a perfectly good opportunity to shoot the hero but delays unnecessarily ) . Tweed is gorgeous as always , but not sexy in this movie ( yes , there is a difference ) . Julie Strain , who is arguably even more beautiful , is mainly kept offscreen . ( )
486515	386241	299556	5.0	Is Olivia Bonamy the most beautiful woman in the world ?	Probably not . But while I was watching this movie , I was thinking that she may be just that . She has an incredibly beautiful face ( she reminded me a bit of Kristy Swanson , the original " Buffy " - coincidence ? ) , a magnificent , toned , fit body , lovely red hair , a hip hairstyle , an irreverent attitude , and she handles her fight scenes competently . She's far and away the best reason to see " Bloody Mallory " - the rest is sometimes fun but mostly silly stuff . The mythology presented in this movie is actually quite interesting , but the script seems to be inventing and changing its rules as it goes along , and it often gets overly silly ( ghouls that get into karate fights , talking bats , etc . ) . The film also suffers from an overuse of CGI , and the monster effects are rather cheesy . It all ends with the setup for a sequel , but so far one has not materialized and chances are it never will . ( )
487234	386241	113224	5.0	Too whimsical .	Decidedly unpredictable but overly eccentric ( you could say " overly British " , but apparently the film was as much a failure there as everywhere else ) black comedy , that strains to be whimsical at the expense of everything else ( including laughs ) . The best thing in the picture is by far the bright young actress Lena Headey ( wonderful also in " Gossip " ) , who lights up the screen every time she appears . Her sardonic smiles and the occasional gleams of dirty fun in her eyes are priceless ; I don't think there's any other actress who can pronounce the phrase " how horrid ! " ( and mean exactly the opposite ) quite like she does . ( )
485599	386241	83034	5.0	Passable	Imagine " The Birds " or " Night of The Living Dead " , but with lions instead of birds and zombies , and you'll have a pretty good idea of what this movie is like . Rather passable stuff , except for some unintentionally funny scenes ( like the sight of lions entering the house through the chimney or walking on the kitchen sink ) . Pretty good acting , too - both by the lions and by Tom Skerrit . ( )
486500	386241	91707	5.0	Tolerable .	An enjoyably cheesy B-movie that has bad acting all around ( everyone seems to agree on that ) , but also some imaginatively gruesome scenes that make it worthwhile for undemanding genre fans . Inarguable highlight is the scene involving a naked girl ( of course ! ) , a bathtub and several snakes . . . . . ugh ! See if you can understand the point of the brief shot after the closing credits . ( )
485780	386241	295923	5.0	Blatant " Basic Instinct " clone ; fair on those terms	Of all the " Basic Instinct " copies that have been made since 1992 ( and there are plenty ) , " Dead Sexy " must be one of the most blatant . Sure , it switches the genders of the two main characters , but keeps almost everything else the same , right down to the only other suspect for the killings being someone within the police force who has hidden ties to the primary suspect . Of course " Dead Sexy " does not come anywhere near the style and suspense and general quality of the Verhoeven film , but on its own low-budget straight-to-video terms it's a fair way to pass some time . Shannon Tweed is acceptable , Sam Jones ( as her partner ) is even better , injecting some needed humor into the proceedings . As for the matter of the body double , I personally cannot understand why Tweed felt the need to use one . She showed everything - and it looked good as usual - in " The Rowdy Girls " , made in 2000 ; what could have changed so much over a year ? ( )
486218	386241	104511	5.0	Less than perfect .	This is certainly a slickly made , good-looking movie with great special effects and some entertaining moments ( like the ultimate fate of Don Rickles ) , but overall there is just something about it that doesn't allow me to call it a complete success . It's pretty slow-moving , and the mix of horror , gangster movie and comedy is not perfectly harmonious . However , Loggia makes an imposing villain and LaPaglia is likable . ( )
486965	386241	70078	5.0	Mediocrity .	Five-part horror anthology that doesn't deliver the goods . First story was dumb , the second intriguing ( and my favorite ) , the third uneven , the fourth an incredible bore and the epilogue too short - and it came too late . Another creepy Donald Pleasence performance , but this forgettable film cannot rise above mediocrity .
486570	386241	236638	5.0	Weird , slow , indifferently dubbed and ultimately ludicrous .	The director of " Deep in the Woods " shows a strong sense of visual style ( there is , for example , a point-of-view shot from inside a bag ! ) , but it's all for naught . This movie is a real mess ; people appear out of nowhere and disappear into nowhere , and the main characters are a little too dumb , even for typical horror-movie " heroes " . Give this director a decent script , and we might actually be onto something . As a side note , the stage play these kids set up is terrible enough to turn anyone into a killer . ( )
486178	386241	87412	5.0	New genre : pseudo-philosophical soft-core	Personally I hated the original " Story of O " with a passion , and I only saw this in-name-only " sequel " by accident . Thankfully , the treatment of the subjects is a little more tasteful this time . Not that there aren't some unpleasant scenes here , but at least some of the women ( especially " O " ) are allowed to have a more balanced , sometimes even dominant role . And when the film seems to go into inexcusable territory near the end , it pulls the rug out from under your feet . It's a strange , interesting but confused and largely pointless film . Why pointless ? Because most people looking for an examination of money , power , sex and politics will choose to watch something else , and those looking for a 100 % erotic film won't be very satisfied either . ( )
486594	386241	104449	5.0	Average sequel .	In some of the dream and scare sequences , the director of " House IV " shows considerable talent and imagination . But the plot is just a rehash of old cliches , and toward the end it goes all over the map and creates quite a few gaps . Even horror movies have to establish some rules and play by them , this movie goes every which way but loose . Still , it's better than the dreadful " House II " . ( )
485774	386241	435665	5.0	Solid B-movie	Having never seen the original , I found this sequel to be a competent little B-movie in its own right . Of course it has its flaws : it doesn't really bring anything new to the zombie sub-genre , there is a lack of genuine scares , and the script screws up the timeline near the end ( before going to the university for the second time , the three leads say they only have 10 minutes before the government blasts the whole place with missiles , but they take A LOT more time to go in there and get the blood sample they need ) . But it still has enough suspense , humor and gore to please those who know what they're getting into . The casting is solid : I particularly liked Emmanuelle Vaugier , who not only looks like a perfect video game heroine in her uniform and ponytail , but also handles her guns in a very confident , no-nonsense manner - like an extension of herself . And Victoria Pratt is certainly one of the most convincing actresses you can cast as a female soldier , body-wise at least . The film is made with a certain wit ( the " Shhhhhh " in the library , Sticky Fingaz's death scene - " No , no , I'm not infected - growl ! " ) , and the downbeat ending cleverly piques the curiosity ( even of people who may not have liked this movie ) for a possible third chapter . ( )
486421	386241	100661	5.0	Quite interesting , very bizarre .	If you're expecting this to be just a cheap , ugly exploitation film , you may actually be surprised . Although it does border on the offensive , and Paul L . Smith plays ( convincingly ) one of the most repugnant characters you'll ever see , the film has enough originality and audacity to be preferable to many other formula horror outings . The script develops into a variation on the " Frankenstein " myth , and the terrific music score gives a poetic dimension to some scenes . Outstanding performance by the actor who plays Sonny Boy . ( )
486564	386241	74442	5.0	Silly .	Silly slapstick comedy is both sluggish and childish ( let's just say that it's less realistic than the average " Police Academy " sequel ) , but Terence Hill , with his acrobatic skills and use of everyday objects in the fight scenes , comes through as a somewhat slower version of Jackie Chan , and Bud Spencer's reactions and mutterings earn some laughs . ( )
486348	386241	113276	5.0	Riveting but unpleasant film .	Although this movie is loosely based on real events , it seems artificial at times ; some of the dialogue sounds scripted , instead of spoken by real people , and not all of the situations are believable . But the one big situation is still enough to keep you riveted to the screen , and the performances are good all around , with a particularly unsentimental portrait of the criminal by Raymond J . Barry . ( )
486081	386241	74437	5.0	Better than its reputation suggests .	After reading all the reviews about this film , I was expecting either a sleaze-fest or a camp-fest ( or both ) , but I was pleasantly ( ? ) surprised . Although there are undeniably exploitational elements here ( incest , castrations , torture ) , the director doesn't really linger over them . Nobody would mistake this for a thoughtful study on the mistreatment of black slaves in early 19th-century America , but it's a surprisingly well-made film , and the recreation of the period is just fine . The major weakness of " Drum " is that the male lead , Ken Norton , simply can't act ; thankfully , Warren Oates and Yaphet Kotto certainly can . Pam Grier is wasted , however , and Colicos is positively ludicrous as a gay slave-trader . ( )
486435	386241	364722	5.0	Delivers the goods for genre fans	If you want to see fit , athletic young men and women in skimpy clothing doing martial arts poses and hand-to-hand combat for about an hour , " The Ultimate Game " is right up your alley . The first 30-40 minutes are slow and stilted , and the sound is sometimes out-of-synch , making the film look as if it had been dubbed . But when we get to the martial arts tournament , held in an exotic island somewhere off the coast of Japan ( I think ) , the movie starts delivering the goods for genre fans . If you can say a negative thing about the fight scenes , it's that sometimes they seem a bit too " rehearsed " ; on the other hand , there are LOTS of them , they are shot in broad daylight so you can clearly see them , and the hits look realistic . And it is an equal-opportunity film : women will go crazy over J . D . Rifkin's abs , while men will want to see more of that blonde fighter who , at one point , smiles wickedly and then drops her leg on her opponent's stomach with such force that the other woman probably had a belly ache for several hours afterwards . ( )
486197	386241	109360	5.0	Kathleen Kinmont vs . Lori Fetrick	" CIA II : Target Alexa " is a typical low-grade action film with medium-grade fights , stunts and explosions . Which is about what you'd expect when the name Lorenzo Lamas ( here as director AND star ) is involved . Thankfully , Lamas is kind enough in this case to share the spotlight with two women , Kathleen Kinmont ( the heroine ) and Lori Fetrick ( the villainess ) , who both have superb bodies : sweaty , muscular and fit . They even have two fights against each other , and even though Fetrick has an obvious strength advantage , Kinmont holds her own pretty well . If any of this sounds like your cup of tea ( and it certainly is mine ! ) , then you should check this film out . If not , then there is not much else to see here . ( )
485833	386241	82951	5.0	Superb gore scenes , but nothing else .	The usual slasher mix of indistinguishable , anonymous characters , bloody and brutal murder sequences and slow walks in dark rooms and corridors ( in which the killer may be hiding ) . There is also an unexpected but preposterous plot twist , and a ludicrous " shock " ending , also typical of the genre . The film's only seriously redeeming virtue ? Tom Savini's outstanding gore effects . His - MINOR SPOILER - pitchfork-through-the-belly and knife-through-the-head scenes are both technically excellent . ( )
486865	386241	83000	5.0	Awkward , but sometimes works .	This is a strange , very Hitchcockian tale of suspense about a truck driver who ( much like the hero of " Rear Window " ) thinks he has witnessed a murder and after being ignored ( or even suspected ) by everyone else , decides to fight the ( supposed ? ) murderer on his own . The dialogue is often too self-consciously humorous , and Keach's continuous yammering and mumbling may get on your nerves . But as a homage to Hitchcock , the film sometimes works - it even goes to the trouble of showing a magazine with a picture of Hitch on its cover . ( )
485623	386241	109321	5.0	Affectionate reunion for Bud and Terence ; only for their fans .	It's a pretty weird experience , watching this movie . An affectionate , warm-hearted reunion for Bud Spencer and Terence Hill , it is also a bittersweet farewell to an old era of movies . It will probably appeal only to fans of the duo , as they once again go through their familiar motions ( Spencer's mutterings , Hill's smiles , bean-eating , fist-fighting , helping the poor , etc . ) , only this time there are some serious dramatic moments as well . On the other hand , considering their age , you can't help but wonder if perhaps this film should never have been made , if they should have retired more gracefully a few years earlier . But if you insist on seeing it , try to avoid the DVD version , as the image has been blown up way out of proportion to fill the entire screen - perhaps in keeping with the tradition of the awful full-screen versions of the " Trinity " films ( to which this film is without a doubt an unofficial sequel - I wonder why they couldn't make it " official " ) . ( )
487243	386241	96114	5.0	" Mad Max " it ain't - but did you expect it to be ?	Cirio H . Santiago is a director who has made quite a few " girls-with-guns " ( or , in this case , " girls - with - swords - and - later - guns " ) films ; he could perhaps be described as another Andy Sidaris , but with less sleaze and an even lower budget . " The Sisterhood " , a cheesy post-apocalyptic flick complete with laser beams and " talking " hawks , must not be one of his best moments : most of the action sequences are rather flat , and there is too much wandering around in the desert . But the two female leads are physically well-cast , and as for the third . . . . let's just say that if you ever wanted to see Lynn-Holly Johnson , of " For Your Eyes Only " fame , kicking some serious butt ( though it is never quite explained how her character is able to do that ) , this may be your only chance ! ( )
486948	386241	87282	5.0	A precursor to " Maniac " .	This is a trashy film and will be of no appeal to most viewers , but what's interesting about it is that it would make a great companion piece to the notorious 1980 " Maniac " . I don't know why anyone would want to watch THAT film in the first place , but it's hard not to notice the obvious similarities . Although far less graphic and bloody , " Forced Entry " also allows as to " share " the maniacal killer's warped worldview , and the depiction of his mind seems pretty accurate . There is a minimal amount of plot , but it's starkly directed , and this is also one of the few chances you'll have to see Tanya Roberts giving a halfway good performance . ( )
485688	386241	60437	5.0	Flabby spy yarn .	" The Ipcress File " was a genuinely intriguing spy thriller , a refreshing viewing choice for the mature viewers that were tired of the typical Bond films . Unfortunately , this sequel doesn't turn out to be a worthy one . Caine is still superb as Harry Palmer , of course , and he still has his dry cynicism ( when a woman likes him , he suspects that she's hiding something since he knows that he isn't that irresistible ) , but there are major problems with the pacing and the plot . This film is slow and flabby , and the story - after a relatively easy-to-follow first hour - becomes awfully confusing , a mistake that the original never made . " Funeral In Berlin " is still much better than the terrible third Harry Palmer film ( " Billion Dollar Brain " ) , and it has a memorable music theme , but take my advice : watch only " The Ipcress File " and skip the other two parts of the trilogy .
487378	386241	104888	5.0	OK martial arts film	Despite being titled " Martial Law III " in the US , " Mission of Justice " has nothing to do with the two previous " Martial Law " films - Jeff Wincott appears in the second one , but as a different character . Unlike those two films , the focus here stays almost exclusively on the male star ( Wincott ) , who has three extended fight scenes among the smaller ones . His female cop partner Karen Sheperd is limited to a small supporting role and gets only one extended fight ( Karen also sports an unflattering haircut that hides her beauty ) . The story begins well , but wears out in the second half . However , Wincott is good at projecting intensity and anger , and there are enough hard-hitting , bone-crunching fight scenes to keep most fans of this genre satisfied . Rent it before you buy it . ( )
486193	386241	109301	5.0	Passable low-rent " Die Hard " imitation	" Bloodfist VI " has its amusing moments : some lines of dialogue ( " I need all your intellectual power and your technological wizardry - open the beep door " ! ) , some situations ( like a big black dude who challenges Wilson with the phrase " Come on , sissy boy " and can only be defeated with a kick to the groin ) , some moments of over-the-top violence ( early on , a guy gets his neck turned 180 degrees ! ) . It also has its disappointments : the biggest one may be that there is no climactic showdown between Wilson and the No 1 villain . The fights are a little slow , but fairly realistic . But to be honest with you , the main reason I wanted to see this is that it's the last film of Cat Sassoon , who tragically died at the age of only 34 . Appearing for the second time alongside Wilson ( after " Bloodfist IV " ) , she plays the sexy villainess quite well and has a great topless scene at the very start , but no real fighting this time . Overall , " Bloodfist VI " is a harmless way to kill some time , and is worth a watch for fans of Wilson , Sassoon or low-budget action . ( )
487065	386241	100514	5.0	Humdrum .	Humdrum , cliched actioner offers nothing we haven't seen before . If Eastwood ( who has a unique presence , even in this mediocre role ) wasn't around , it would be almost unwatchable . But the moral " lessons " of the film are even more annoying than its cliches : it seems to suggest that a " boy " becomes a " real MAN " only when he learns how to punch and kill people .
485815	386241	64782	5.0	Interminable .	Clint Eastwood is an inappropriate lead for a musical . Not so much because he can't sing very well ( although he CAN'T sing as well as the genre requires ) , but mostly because he is too closely identified , at least in our minds , with his " tougher " roles , and we just can't take him very seriously when he suddenly starts singing . Lee Marvin isn't a very accomplished singer , either . And the two miscast leads aren't the only problems of this musical-Western . It's also pointless , slow and plodding . Its only strong redeeming quality , which keeps it bearable , is the lovely presence of Seberg . She gives the best , the most likable performance in the film , providing a center of strength and dignity . If she wasn't around , this movie would be nearly unwatchable . As for the songs , there are lively ones ( like the title song ) and there are boring ones ( like " I Was Born Under A Wandering Star " ) .
486855	386241	87260	5.0	Barely funny .	A good-natured , agreeable , but featherweight and desperately unfunny comedy by Richard Lester . Beverly D'Angelo ( sexy and spirited ) and Louis Gossett Jr . ( amusingly cool ) try their best to enliven the film , but there are hardly any laughs and too many unnecessary subplots . ( )
487425	386241	113636	5.0	Better than " 2 " , worse than " 1 " .	This very broad and very gross horror comedy is a step up from the junk called " Leprechaun 2 " , but that's not saying very much . The script is nothing new ( Lep yet again counts his coins , finds one missing , goes after whoever might be in possession of it ) , but it's certainly busy enough , with two or three parallel plotlines running simultaneously . Anyway , if you want to see the title character impersonating Elvis or giving people the finger , this may be your only chance . ( )
486121	386241	87247	5.0	Nothing much .	Ex-boxer Tom Berenger , now an agent of strippers , tries to track down the maniacal killer that slashes " his " girls with a razor-blade . Problem is , we know who the killer is right from the start , so there's no mystery and no progression of the plot - it's just a series of consecutive murders . The good cast compensates somewhat , and the film holds your interest , but it all seems to be merely an excuse for the final showdown between Berenger and the killer , and even that isn't as good as it could've been . ( )
487031	386241	95956	5.0	Moronic .	This is a preposterously dumb action epic ( though not as OFFENSIVELY dumb as " Commando " ) , routinely directed , with a few doses of anti-Soviet propaganda thrown in . There is little variety and imagination in the action scenes , and maybe that's why they become monotonous so quickly . There is a tank vs . helicopter collision at the end with a truly unbelievable outcome . The film owes whatever interest it has to Stallone's presence ; he brings some raw force to his role .
487414	386241	256524	5.0	We're gonna need better jokes !	" The Curse Of The Jade Scorpion " offers a few smiles . That's hardly reason enough to sit through a motion picture . When a movie is centered almost completely around its jokes , it's the quality of the jokes that makes all the difference ; that's what separates , for example , the great from the not-so-great Marx Brothers films . And " Curse " is unfortunately closer to " The Big Store " than to " Duck Soup " : pleasant , inoffensive , but tired and forgettable ( and I mean that literally : after 2-3 days you won't even remember that you've seen it ) . Aside from Zhao Fei's remarkable cinematography , a very minor credit for Woody . ( )
487376	386241	117760	5.0	An uneven mix of drama , comedy and violence	Shu Qi - the face of a goddess , with the body to match ! She arguably steals the show even from the cute and feisty as usual Chingmy Yau , and that is no small accomplishment . The first hour of this movie deals mostly with the rivalry between two night clubs operating in the same Hong Kong area - not exactly the stuff that compelling drama is made of . Then Simon Yam re-appears ( he had left the picture after the first 5 minutes ) , and his forceful performance makes the film more involving - he plays a scumbag that you really want to see knocked down . Fans of either of the three stars won't be disappointed , and fans of " Category III " Hong Kong sleaze may " enjoy " ( if that's the word ) the final half-hour , but pure action fans need not bother with this film . It's basically a drama , sprinkled with broad , raunchy comedy and nasty , unpleasant violence . ( )
486741	386241	78350	5.0	Agreeable time-filler , but WAY overlong .	" The Swarm " has its share of flaws , no doubt about that : it's overlong , it's filled with genre cliches ( many veterans cast in pointless supporting roles , indifferent romances ) and it's occasionally overacted , especially by Michael Caine , who has a role far below his abilities . However , those who are calling it " terrible " and " campy " are REALLY overdoing it . The special effects are actually FIRST-RATE and most of the attack sequences are utterly convincing . Don't judge the film on the basis of its bad reputation ; watch it for yourself and you'll discover that , while it's not an " art " film , it's an agreeable way to kill two hours .
487161	386241	95989	5.0	" Do we have enough money to finish this turkey yet ? "	This sequel to " Attack of the Killer Tomatoes " has actually very little to do with it . It's also a much better film . It does get a bit too juvenile for its own good toward the end , but it's entertaining ( at times ) , with bits of surreal humor , jabs at moviemaking itself and decent acting . Half the time you'll be laughing , the other half you'll be looking at your watch . ( )
486944	386241	95990	5.0	Disposable sequel .	A funky , campy horror-comedy , in which the " horror " and the " comedy " parts don't combine ; they collide . You get some decent makeup effects and some straight brain-munching gore , then you get a silly scene ( the zombies staring admiringly at a female gymnast on TV ) than undermines the whole film . The acting is pretty bad , too ( except for the kid and the all-too-cool doctor , the cast showcases only one acting style : unending hysteria ) . Overall , I'd recommend this film only to zombie-movie completists , although it's far less unpleasant to watch than the next chapter of this series . ( )
486873	386241	69700	5.0	Starts out well , ends up disappointing	This is basically yet another variation on the " Magnificent Seven " theme , only here we have ( not 7 but ) 4 people coming to protect a village and teach the villagers how to defend themselves ( not against Mexican bandits but ) against an aggressive army of Amazons . The film begins rather well : the grungy , dirty look , the stunts , the Amazons ' mean-spiritedness , they all have an air of authenticity . But most of the action sequences occur at night , and it's often hard to see what's going on . And the biggest disappointment of all , during the big climactic battle nearly all the Amazons have their faces covered by white masks , apparently to camouflage the fact that they have been replaced by male stuntmen . Blech . At the end , there is a fierce swordfight between the bravest woman in the village ( well played by the profoundly beautiful Paola Tedesco ) and the Amazon Queen , but it's a case of " too little , too late " . ( )
487571	386241	64860	5.0	Mediocre spaghetti Western .	Bud Spencer and Terence Hill click perfectly as a team and Eli Wallach , obviously enjoying himself , provides some funny moments . But the plot is so rambling that for about the first three quarters of the running time ( a slow 120 minutes ) it is never entirely clear what the various characters are trying to accomplish ; they simply seem to be going from one place to another . It all gets more involving in the last 30 minutes or so , but still , if you're not a VERY dedicated fan of the genre , you can safely miss this one - it is nothing special . ( )
485678	386241	356336	5.0	Very well-produced but mostly dry spy thriller	This movie offers several spectacular shots ( free-falling , swimming against the sunset , scuba-diving , car flip / crash , etc ) , locations ( France , Switzerland , Morocco , Spain ) and means of transportation ( cars , boats , subway trains , planes , helicopters ) . The production values are certainly very polished . But the director takes an overly detailed approach to storytelling - there are quite a few scenes that go on longer than necessary . The thrills are limited : a car chase ends almost as soon as it begins , and a fight between Cassel and a Spanish female assassin ( Najwa Nimri ) is shot in such tight close-ups that you literally can't see any of the moves . As for the insights into the spy business ( " We're not asking her to collaborate with us ; we're asking her to obey our orders " ) , they're not exactly groundbreaking stuff . The intense Cassel and the dazzling Bellucci are interesting people to look at , but for the most part this spy thriller is too dry - and the ending is poor . ( )
485959	386241	87127	5.0	Sex and sandal .	If you take this as a fantasy , you'll probably be disappointed : it's as second-grade as they come , with a total blank for a hero and plenty of chaotically staged swordfights . But if you take it as a soft-porn film , you may be more pleased ; there is a stimulating ( if brief ) sex scene midway through , and abundant nudity throughout , though only the beautiful Lana Clarkson escapes the film's depraved attitude toward women . Anyway , the film certainly isn't as bad as the two Ferrigno " Hercules " movies . . . . . ( )
485915	386241	109144	5.0	Confusing .	This confusing sci-fi entry is a mixture of clever ideas ( the main character turns out to be the key to the spreading of a deadly virus ) and logic loopholes ( when the hero finds himself in the " alternate future " , the other characters seem to have known him for years ; so where is the other version of himself - the soldier - that apparently has been living there all this time ? How can two labs communicate when one of them isn't supposed to exist ? ) , but the production looks as slick as the budget will allow , and there are plenty of explosions for those who like them . ( )
486255	386241	100430	5.0	Not Bad + Not Good = Average	If there ever was a movie that could be described as " a time-killer " , this is it . There's absolutely nothing to be gained from watching it , but it's not too bad . The plot may be a direct knock-off of " Eyes of Laura Mars " ( with the slight difference that the hero in this one has visions of murders BEFORE they happen ) , but it has enough twists and turns to make you wonder if you were right when you thought you had it all figured out in the first 10 minutes ( VAGUE SPOILER : you were ) . Zach Galligan lacks charisma and is a bit overage for his part too , but Catherine Mary Stewart is good enough to make you wonder why she never got her big break in more high-profile pictures , and Michael Nouri does a very solid job with his shady character . ( )
486097	386241	126698	5.0	A weird sequel	Why weird , you ask ? Well , consider these points : 1 ) It's called " Tiger Claws II " , but the Tiger style is barely used in it . 2 ) The first movie was a " track down the serial killer " story , this is more of an " underground martial arts tournament " story . 3 ) Bolo Yeung is now - get this - a good guy ! In the film's most laughable line , he is referred to by Jalal Merhi as an " honorable man " ! I guess Merhi has gotten over the fact that several innocent people - including his best friend - were killed by Bolo in the first " Tiger Claws " . 4 ) Cynthia Rothrock ( who looks very good for 41 ) has virtually no action scenes until the 50-minute mark , but does get a couple of good fights near the end . 5 ) There some half-explained sci-fi elements , including time-traveling . Two more points : the production values are slicker than those of most DTV action sequels , and Evan Lurie , playing one of the bad guys , has a kind of slimy charisma , as opposed to the lead Merhi , who has none at all . ( )
486786	386241	104822	5.0	Mediocre overall	Although her role is actually secondary to Chad McQueen's ( who is an OK action lead ) , Cynthia Rothrock is at her near-best in " Martial Law " , both looks-wise and fighting-wise . She even goes 1-on-1 against Benny " The Jet " Urquidez at one point , though her highlight is probably when she delivers 6 or 7 rapid kicks in a row to a guy's head ! But the script & direction are perfunctory , the " family drama " stuff is so lame and tiresome that it should have been left out altogether , and David Carradine is a weak , boring villain . If you find yourself watching this movie , my advice is to fast-forward through ALL of the dialogue scenes and focus only on the fight scenes - you won't be missing a thing , and you will be getting the maximum value for your money . ( )
485868	386241	95825	5.0	Too much plot but some intensely sexy scenes .	A strange case , this movie . It's at its best when it explores the perverse ( past and present ) family ties that bind Leif Garrett and Greta Blackburn ( and she's has a powerful , sexy presence ) . But the script keeps intercutting their story with that of a misfit cop ( a real Dirty Harry wannabe ) and an ambitious female assistant DA who are searching for the killer that is slashing his / her victims ' throats with a razor . As you have probably already guessed , the film has too much plot , too many supporting characters ( what's Richard Roundtree doing here ? ) and too many plot coincidences . You could do a lot worse , though . ( )
486802	386241	92030	5.0	Decent attempt at a zombie flick .	I've read some pretty extreme ( both positive and negative ) reviews for this movie , but it's really a very middle-of-the-road affair . It's directed competently enough to keep you from feeling that you totally wasted your time with it , but it's also so derivative that it can even be called a ripoff ( especially of Herschell Gordon Lewis ' " Two Thousand Maniacs " ; it has practically the same plot ) . The opening sequence is the best . ( )
487475	386241	104808	5.0	Passable sequel .	The plot apparently was not the main consideration of the people who decided to make this , the second sequel to the 1988 surprise hit ; that's the only way to explain why there are so many gaps in it ( like " Who is that voodoo master ? " , " Why did he choose to resurrect the Maniac Cop " and " Why does the Maniac Cop kill / help good AND bad guys so arbitrarily ? " ) . Since justice had been set straight at the end of the previous installment , there is no really compelling reason for the title character to return from his grave , so the whole movie seems pointless and unmotivated . But the lengthy chase sequence near the end is so fast-paced and well-done that made me raise the film's rating by half a star . ( )
487273	386241	95867	5.0	Terrific girls - movie should have been better	Once again , this Sidaris film seems to have everything : a fit and quite believable as an agent Dona Speir , an incredibly adorable Hope Marie Carlton ( on a scale of 1 to 10 , her smile is a 12 ) , a gorgeous Roberta Vasquez , international locations ( Paris , Las Vegas , Texas , Hawaii , etc . ) , LOTS of explosions , outrageous gadgets , etc . The mix should have been explosively hot , but sadly it's only lukewarm . The execution of the formula is mechanical , as if Sidaris was simply ticking off action scenes from a list . There are very few funny lines ( the best belongs to Speir : when she's accused of being jealous , she says " there is not a jealous bone in my body - check it out for yourself " , and she disrobes ! ) and the one fight scene , involving Harold Diamond , is terrible . But to end this comment on a positive note , John Aprea gives a slick performance as the arch-villain of the story . ( )
486648	386241	64990	5.0	Overlong and pointless .	If I had to choose one word to describe this movie , the word would have to be " pointless " . Part Hitchcock homage and part romantic melodrama , the film takes so many turns that the characters ' behavior becomes totally inconsistent and you can never get a handle on them . The film's attempts to say " something meaningful " about blind passion and devotion are hampered by Denevue's cold performance . And on top of all that , it doesn't even LOOK very good . ( )
485850	386241	94701	5.0	It's OK .	This " Nightmare On Elm Street " wannabe is well-directed by Andrew Fleming , but too derivative to make much of an impression . Some icky scenes , a few bad effects and much better acting than you're accustomed to seeing in this genre . Undemanding horror fans won't be disappointed . ( )
487498	386241	82611	5.0	Silly fun .	If one was to try and make a list of all the implausibilities and flaws in this movie , he would need much more than a thousand words . From its crummy-looking cinematography ( the sky looks mostly yellow ) to its supremely silly plot ( that is just an excuse to get from one kung-fu scene to another in as little time as possible ) , this flick is bad . But . . . it's enjoyably bad . It is intended for bad-movie lovers ONLY , and only if you belong in that category should you take my rating seriously .
485679	386241	447619	5.0	Muddled and plodding thriller , unworthy of Monica Bellucci's brave performance	Monica Belucci's fully committed performance , as well as her commendable willingness to appear as unglamorous as possible ( with very short hair , limited or no make-up , often bloodied-up and dirty ) , are wasted in this semi-supernatural thriller that suffers from a muddled script ( just like a previous adaptation of a Jean-Christophe Grang novel , " Crimson Rivers " - maybe his books are just too hard to condense in under two hours of screen time ) , an incomplete finish that feels like a set-up for an ( unlikely ) sequel , cold direction , plodding pacing , and a completely humorless tone . I honestly found it a bit of a struggle to get through . It will probably be watched / remembered only for the first " cross-generational " on-screen meeting of Belucci with Catherine Deneuve . ( )
485869	386241	67176	5.0	Good idea , but film goes nowhere with it .	A clever premise turns into one of the most obvious and unsurprising horror films ever made - this is a genre that almost always NEEDS surprises to work properly , and this script holds very few . Another problem is the lack of even one character we can fully empathize with . There are good performances , gory killings and a fine recreation of the period , though . ( )
486821	386241	67162	5.0	Far below expectations , but has its strengths .	A disappointing adaptation of a James Chase novel ( which I have read , incidentally ) . It's a cheap , mostly badly cast production , with an incredibly choppy beginning , and full of poorly-drawn characters that don't make much of an impression on the viewer . The one important exception is the character of Slim Grissom ; neurotic , explosively unpredictable and complicated , this guy functions like a human-size time-bomb . Scott Wilson's convincing , excellent performance in the role elevates this movie , which , however , still should have been much better . ( )
486174	386241	274118	5.0	" Mediocre " is a kind way of putting it	1 ) T & A and Trish vs . Crash and Molly Holly and Steve Blackman . Short and a bit messy , like most six-person tag team matches , but it's fun to watch Molly and Trish in this early stage of their careers , and Crash finds time to pull off one good headscissors takedown . ) Road Dogg , K Kwik , Chyna and Billy Gunn vs . The Radicalz . Survivor Series Elimination Match . A couple of nice moves ( K Kwik , Benoit ) , otherwise mostly punching and kicking . 3 ) Kane vs . Chris Jericho . A standard match between these two , where they hit almost all their trademark spots . ) William Regal vs . Hardcore Holly ( European title ) . A filler match with a terrible DQ ending . I've heard a more enthusiastic crowd at the church . 5 ) The Rock vs . Rikishi . Poor . Rikishi is a repulsive fat guy who can't wrestle , and The Rock's " devastating People's Elbow " sucks . ) Ivory vs . Lita ( women's title ) . As a match , pretty poor . But Lita gets a bloody cut over her left eye and not only does she continue the match , but she also takes all her usual risks . Admirable . 7 ) Kurt Angle vs . The Undertaker ( WWF title ) . Two highlights give this match its high rating : Kurt's awesome figure-four leglock around the ringpost ( ! ) , and one of the funniest and most imaginative endings I've ever seen . 8 ) Edge & Christian and RTC vs . The Hardy Boyz and The Dudley Boyz . Survivor Series Elimination Match . The only team I cared about in this one were the Hardyz . The bad news : Matt is the first man to be eliminated ! The good news : Jeff wins ! 9 ) Stone Cold Steve Austin vs . HHH ( no DQ ) . What a lame excuse for a main event ! Just a long , draggy brawl that ends with a cliffhanger . Only thing I found amusing was the crowd's reaction ( " yeah ! " ) when Stone Cold placed a steel chair around The Game's throat and threatened to jump on it !
485614	386241	113819	5.0	Woody Allen misses . . .	. . . And he misses by a mile , at least . In this movie , I guess he is trying to combine his " comedic " with his " serious " side , but he succeeds in neither department . As a comedy , this film has a few scattered laughs , but Allen's timing is clearly off , the amount of obviousness is truly surprising , and the whole thing is kind of sad if you compare it to some early Allen outings , like " Bananas " . As a film with " serious undertones " , it also fares poorly ; it has few insights into the characters and it lacks depth . And that gimmick involving the use of a " Greek Chorus " doesn't work , because the infantile jokes ( for example , Gods are using answering machines when they're not available ) would be too silly even for Mel Brooks . As an actor , Woody has a few good moments but he doesn't show his usual enthusiasm , and Sorvino's performance was highly overrated - she was OK , but she DEFINITELY didn't deserve an Oscar for such an easy role . And the final complaint : this movie looks GRIMY .
486175	386241	71548	5.0	Kickass Heroine , not so Kickass Movie	" Get Christie Love ! " is included in many DVD packages along with " TNT Jackson " , and the two films do have a lot of things in common : most importantly , they both have black female action leads who have the right attitude for their roles down pat , but their actual fight scenes leave a lot to be desired . " Get Christie Love " doesn't have nearly as much action as " TNT Jackson " , but Teresa Graves is a better actress than Jeanne Bell , and ( in my opinion at least ) prettier as well . However , this film is hurt by the flat direction , a dreary pace and an uninteresting plot that wastes far too much time with an investigation about an adopted kid . And I have to agree with a previous reviewer , the DVD transfer is pretty bad . You turn the volume almost all the way up and you still can't listen to the dialogue clearly . ( )
487117	386241	86973	5.0	Pleasant , old-fashioned farce .	Featherweight treatment of a potentially serious subject , filled with too many stale jokes and too much Brazilian folklore . The capable cast gives this film whatever value it has , especially Michael Caine , who is working here below his usual high standards , but still manages to be extremely likable . ( )
487147	386241	102340	5.0	Lukewarm .	" Love Crimes " tries for ambiguity , but fails to achieve it because the talentless Sean Young is unable to project any kind of emotion . Her character is supposed to be simultaneously charmed and appalled by the simultaneously seductive and sleazy Patrick Bergin ( who's quite good in his role ) , but you wouldn't know it from her narcotized performance . Couple that with an anticlimactic ending , and you'll know why this movie never found an audience . ( )
486002	386241	90264	5.0	Middling Bond ; Great Villain	" A View To A Kill " is a big comedown for 007 after " For Your Eyes Only " and " Octopussy " . In fact , of all the Bond movies that Roger Moore made , only " The Man With The Golden Gun " is worse . At least this one has more action than " TMWTGG " - the car stunts in Paris rank with the best of the series . But John Glen's direction has no pace , no excitement ; in the first half , we spend too much time around Zorin's luxurious mansion and his stables , and in the end we get way too much footage of the mine flooding . The one saving grace of the film is Christopher Walken , who doesn't really play a Bond villain ; he plays a Walken villain , perverted and smug about it . His reaction to the information that Bond is " extremely dangerous " , and the scene where he completes the last phrase of a man ( " DEAD ! " ) and then shoots him in cold blood , are gems of acting . As for Tanya Roberts . . . sure , no acting talent , but for sheer physical beauty she is hard to surpass . ( )
486430	386241	86984	5.0	De Palma's career at a dead end .	This Hitchcockian thriller isn't terrible , just disappointing . De Palma probably realized after this that he couldn't continue his career in the same path , borrowing so heavily from Hitchcock and bringing so little to the party . It's a slick movie on the surface , but the script is an uninspired " Vertigo " rip-off , plus the nudity .
486879	386241	478832	5.0	OK time-passer , if you accept its limitations . . . .	This is a TV movie ; even the sequence transitions will tell you that . So you can't expect another " Basic Instinct " here : the erotic parts are tame , and the direction has little cinematic style . The movie clearly counts on its plot and its actors to maintain your interest ; the plot does , but it's nothing brilliant ( there are , after all , only two suspects for the killings ) , apart maybe from the killing method , which is indeed quite unique . The actors are clearly the best thing about " Flirting With Danger " , and provide some eye-candy ( for both sexes ) . Charisma Carpenter , one of the most uniquely beautiful actresses out there , with a smile that's at once sweet and naughty , plays the main suspect / love interest for the hero James Thomas , and Victoria Sanchez gives an appealing and believable performance as his childhood friend who may have deeper feelings for him . Despite his dilemma ( or should that be trilemma - Karen Clich is also around , as the other suspect ) , Thomas is a lucky man - but will he live long enough to enjoy his luck ? You probably know the answer to that one , but " Flirting With Danger " is still an OK way to pass 90 minutes . ( )
486966	386241	82495	5.0	Strictly by-the-numbers .	Strictly by-the-numbers , occasionally boring sequel to " Halloween " . The main element of suspense here is represented by the question " what kind of weapon is Myers going to use for his next murder ? " , but you never really see anything you haven't seen before . Even with two fair chase scenes , " Halloween II " is standard stuff . However , Pleasence is energetic and enjoyable in his role and the music ( the movie's biggest asset , and possibly the original's biggest asset , too ) is as chilling as ever .
485999	386241	44851	5.0	Elementary slapstick	Abbott : " Miss McGillicuddy , you look charming today . Did you do something to your hair ? " Costello : " Yeah , she put it on her head " ! " Lost in Alaska " does have some inspired moments , and most of them are in the first half , like the " sleeping in 2-hour shifts " routine , or Costello's response to a sign that says " Use the axe only in case of fire " ( " Got a match ? " ) . But when A & C actually do get Lost in Alaska , the comedy gets largely reduced to elementary , childish slapstick ( Costello falling down on the snow a lot , etc ) . I did laugh a couple of times , but overall the film is pretty tiresome , despite its short running time . ( )
487310	386241	90180	5.0	Scattered good moments in an uneven film .	" To Live and Die in L . A " is a very uneven film . In the first half , the story barely moves along and some uninteresting scenes run on longer than they should . The film improves in the second half , when the plot " thickens " , as they say , and has a couple of twists that lead to a shocking finale . Overall , this crime drama is somewhat cold and unmoving , despite some really good scenes ( including the widely praised car chase ) scattered here and there . Fair performances .
487188	386241	74885	5.0	Mildly interesting action drama	This is a somewhat atypical role for Fred Williamson ; usually he plays a cop , or a bounty hunter , or just a general all-around badass who is always on top of every situation , but here he is a homeless , jobless Vietnam veteran who almost has to resort to eating out of garbage cans , is exploited by other people and , finally , forced to remember the killer instincts that got him a silver star in the army , when he gets involved in a war between two Mafia families ( those are rather typical ) . Despite a plodding first half , the film is mildly interesting . I mean , at least it keeps your attention until the downbeat ending - and the unbelievable , in every sense of the word , last-second " twist " . Fred , however , should NEVER do fight scenes , he just looks really clumsy in them . The cast also includes the cutie Jenny Sherman , Roddy McDowall sporting in one scene the fakest fake leg in the history of cinema , and Elliott Gould - for about 2 minutes . ( )
485944	386241	82451	5.0	" Don't give a damn , I am the Cobra ! "	Like other Enzo Castellari - Franco Nero teamings , this is a case of a routine script directed with flair . Castellari stages plenty of energetic fistfights and chases , and Franco Nero brings some of the qualities that made him a cult favorite - his humor , his athleticism , and of course his accent ( IMDB lists the language as Italian , but I think it was filmed , not dubbed , in English ) . The script , however , is strictly formula stuff ; some of the twists I guessed ( seriously , is there anyone who has watched even one Italian film before who couldn't guess the fate of Nero's innocent son ? ) , some I did not ( Sybil Danning's role turns out to be more important than it appears at first ) , but generally there is nothing here that you have not seen before . Except maybe for the scene where Nero fights a karate-chopping transvestite , but even something similar to this has happened at least once before - in the beginning of " Thunderball " . ( )
486349	386241	71566	5.0	Flabby and overlong , but not without its moments .	I saw this movie basically because I'm a Roger Moore fan , but his performance is rather rigid in this one ; you can sense that he is limited by his role . Still , even a rigid Roger Moore is livelier than many other actors . It's also a pleasure to watch Ray Milland and ( in a very brief part ) John Gielgud . But Susannah York plays the typical movie character of the daughter / granddaughter / heiress of a billionaire who hasn't had to work for a day in her life but is still unhappy because she hasn't found true love yet . . . . poor girl ! " Gold " begins and ends as a disaster film , but the flabby mid-section is taken up by the Moore-York romance . When director Peter Hunt sticks to action , the film has some good moments , like a tense and realistic fistfight inside the mine and ( at the very end ) a vicious sequence in which a man tries to run down another man with his car . ( )
485637	386241	48728	5.0	Mediocre Hitchcock .	This is a minor Hitchcock thriller . Its pleasures are all on the surface . Grant and Kelly rely heavily on their great charm and they don't really put their heart into their acting ; I've seen them in other movies and they were more enjoyable . The whole movie is just too glossy for a thriller and , at the party towards the end , it almost becomes heavy-going . And the plot isn't THAT unpredictable .
485619	386241	82533	5.0	Way overrated . Nothing special .	" The Howling " is a highly overrated horror movie . Apart from its great special effects , it really has little to recommend it . It isn't particularly scary , or clever , or original , and it's totally forgettable . Even its spectacular effects are often awkwardly presented , in various set-pieces that run on too long , because they are clearly designed just to showcase those effects , not to further the story . The direction is often awkward , too ; in the first 20 minutes , it's hard to know what's going on , and the fast cuts in the editing are TOO fast to have any impact . As for the cameos and the movie references , they can't save the film . Are we supposed to know what John Sayles looks like or which are the names of 1950's werewolf b-movies ?
487235	386241	82537	5.0	A notch above the usual slasher .	Most of the reviews would have you believe that this is completely terrible , but actually it's not such a bad effort . It's predictable , to be sure , but directed with more skill than you'd expect , with a score that reminded me ( in a good way ) of Italian horror movies of the period , and a cute , fairly smart heroine in Janet Julian . Reports of it being " too dark " are true to a degree , but greatly exaggerated ; have you seen the much better-known " Hell Night " ? ( )
486330	386241	417251	5.0	Yes , I agree . He sucks	The opening promo for this PPV promised " Triple H vs . Chris Benoit , one-on-one , NO DISTRACTIONS " . It lied . 1 ) Jonathan Coachman and Garrison Cade vs . Tajiri and Rhyno . Tajiri's fantastic kicks and Rhyno's boundless energy make this , arguably , the most enjoyable match of the night . These two RULED as a team - too bad Rhyno is no longer with the WWE . The company could use more " no bullst , down to business " guys like him . 2 ) Chris Jericho vs . Batista . An obvious mismatch . Batista applies two full nelsons ( perhaps the only wrestling holds of the match ) , delivers a powerbomb and generally dominates his opponent rather easily . The " instant replay " at the end makes the referee look totally blind . 3 ) La Resistance vs . Ric Flair and Eugene ( for the tag team title ) . Oh , look ! Mr . Woooooooooo ! and Mr . Unfunny Retard against the Stale - Gimmick - National - Anthem - Singing - Canadians . Aren't you excited ? Woooooooooo ! 0 4 ) Kane vs . Matt Hardy . No disqualifications . The match was too boring and routine to pay attention to , so I was thinking about Lita instead . Thinking how frustrating it must be for this woman to have worked so hard to be one of the very best at what she does , only to get wasted in a stupid , pathetic , insulting story like this " love triangle " . ) Randy Orton vs . Edge ( for the intercontinental title ) . Orton must be one of the best actors in the business . I like his facial expressions and his cocky attitude . I also like his simple but expertly executed submission holds . The match , however , is too long ( 30 minutes ) for what it has to offer . Mediocre most of the way , it does pick up some steam near the end . ) Victoria vs . Molly Holly . After the EXCELLENT match Victoria had with Lita only a couple of months before , in " Backlash 2004 " , this is a major disappointment . Molly Holly looks ridiculous with that wig and has no audience pull whatsoever . What's more , Victoria hurts her left shoulder for real ( I think ) in the middle of the match , and it's obvious that she is unable to perform as well as she would like to ( I still love her ) . But she does strike with an impressive ( and great-sounding ) kick for the finish . 7 ) Triple H vs . Chris Benoit ( for the heavyweight title ) . For the first 20 minutes , this was better than I expected . Mostly technical in-ring wrestling , with a particularly focused HHH performance . In the last 10 minutes it turns into a real mess , as Eugene shows up , the ref gets knocked out and a steel chair is introduced to the mix . Putting Eugene in the main event and having him play such a major role in its outcome tells a lot about how seriously the WWE takes the second " W " in its name .
486415	386241	117723	5.0	Uneven , not unbearable .	It's good-natured enough to be inoffensive , Leslie Nielsen seems to be in pretty good form and Nicollette Sheridan is an absolute knockout ! But it lacks freshness almost completely ; the material is rehashed , featuring a high amount of obviousness , and some of the references to other films ( " In The Line Of Fire " , " Pulp Fiction " ) seem extremely arbitrary . ( )
486448	386241	102159	5.0	Not one of the best	" Operation Scorpio " is not one of the best HK action flicks you can find . The story is only mildly engaging , and at times utterly confusing . The martial arts choreography is unique and fascinating ( in one of the fights , superhuman strength is pitted against superhuman agility ; in another one , we have " scorpio-style " kung fu vs . " eel-style " kung fu ! ) , but a bit too " exaggerated " for my tastes . I'd say there is about 40 % wirework and 60 % physical skill involved , but even that percentage is still to be admired . One other thing the film lacks is star power : Chin Kar Lok is likable , but not strong enough to carry the entire film as a lead ( but that girl he rescues is incredibly lovely ) . Overall , if you just skip to the last 20 minutes and the three main fights , you won't have missed much . ( )
487015	386241	106453	5.0	Not as bad as you've heard .	The courtroom scenes are moderately entertaining ( never mind the fact that this must be the most underlit courtroom in the history of movies ) , and the sadomasochistic sex scenes . . . . well , if you're into watching this kind of stuff , they may prove to be fairly entertaining as well . The problem is that these two different parts don't stick together ; the movie seems to be switching constantly from " normal-movie " mode to " porno-movie " mode , and vice versa . Thankfully , there are some good actors around to lend some credibility , particularly Joe Mantegna , Julianne Moore and Frank Langella . Madonna herself is OK , but she should have fired her hair-stylist and makeup artist , because they have done a very unflattering job on her . And someone should have fired the cinematographer too , for making the film look so murky . ( )
486971	386241	78879	5.0	Passable time-filler .	This is one of those movies ( " Jaws The Revenge " was another ) that have a really low reputation , yet when you actually see them you find out that , while by no means good movies , they are at least passable time-fillers . Aside from Gert Frobe ( " Goldfinger " ) being cast as a detective , there is nothing laughable about this - also nothing exceptional . The pacing is wrong ; it doesn't stay focused on the mystery of the plot . But if you have two hours to waste . . .
486465	386241	117260	5.0	Gritty urban fairy-tale .	Directed with flair and lots of authentic flavor by Larry Cohen , " Original Gangstas " / " Hot City " is still little more than a reworking of " Death Wish 3 " with an ( almost ) all-black cast . It's a strange movie : first it goes to great lengths to establish a realistic urban environment , and then undermines it with a cockamamie story that is completely un-realistic . The movie should have chosen one approach or the other . The stars are as engaging as ever ( if a bit long in the tooth ) , but Richard Roundtree's fans will be disappointed with his very minor part . ( )
485978	386241	114070	5.0	It won't rip or blow your mind , but it's OK .	It's a trifle , of course , and it IS hard to know what attracted Wes Craven to such a degree that he lent it an " Executive Producer " credit , but it does have some interesting touches . The first is the compassion it shows for the " monster " . In fact , although many have made the " Alien " connection ( mainly because of the underground tunnels and shafts ) , it really plays more like a variation on the " Frankenstein " myth ; there is a scientist who wants to " play God " and a sad creature that is forced to become murderous ( and his killing method owes more than a little to Cronenberg's " Rabid " , too ) . Another interesting idea is the way all the characters are initially presented as either bland or obnoxious ( and boy are the two male teenagers obnoxious ! ) , only for most of them to reveal some redeeming side later on . And the gore fans will get some moments they can appreciate in this one , particularly an eyeball-piercing in close-up ! Lance Henriksen reportedly said that this is one of those films that " pay your alimony " , but at least he handles it like a pro and doesn't show any contempt for his audience . The film's worst part is the ending , which gets so far-fetched it's almost funny . But all-in-all " Mind Ripper " is worth one viewing . ( )
486623	386241	106475	5.0	Thin fun	" Brain Smasher . . . A Love Story " is sort of fun to watch ( there must be about 5 or 6 laughs here and there ) and Teri Hatcher is sexy and feisty . But the script is just too thin and one-note : these evil Chinese monks want this flower that is the key to Ultimate Power , and Andrew Dice Clay , Teri Hatcher and Deborah Van Valkenburgh try to keep it away from them . That's it . The whole movie is basically an extended chase , without many plot complications : the monks catch up to the heroes , the heroes fight them off , the heroes run away , repeat . The other thing that bugged me was the inconsistency in the way these monks are presented : at certain times they seem to be invincible and almost superhuman , jumping from and to incredible heights ( these acrobatics are definitely the freshest idea of the movie ) , at other times they are bumbling , inept and useless in a fight . Oh well , I guess you can just look admiringly at Teri Hatcher and try to forgive the weaknesses . . . . Footnote : Brion James and Tim Thomerson have two very small parts as police officers . ( )
487534	386241	82923	5.0	Edwige Fenech's best role ( s ) ( probably )	After years of playing the terrified target of deranged killers in gialli , or the sex-object nurse , teacher , wife , girlfriend ( like her secondary role in this movie ) , etc . , it's nice to see Edwige Fenech in a role that gives her the chance to throw punches and outsmart the villains ( not that it's very hard though , since they are all idiots ! ) . And don't worry , she still gets to show plenty of her 4-star cleavage . She is much more lively and animated here than she is in her serious films . The film has some really crude gags , but a couple of genuine laughs as well ( a sniper , aiming for Fenech , shoots a jogger in Central Park , the jogger falls down and Alvaro Vitali comments : " Wow , that guy is really out of shape ! " ) . The production values are higher than usual for an Italian sex comedy : they include location filming in New York , some fairly elaborate stunts , and even a car chase at the end . Now , if only I could track down Edwige's two other Policewoman films . . . . . ( )
486931	386241	67382	5.0	Only Dunaway holds this movie together .	Playing a woman of slowly deteriorating mental health , Faye Dunaway dominates this movie . She graces it with her beauty and just about manages to keep us watching a story that's flawed and filled with implausibilities ( SPOILER : for example , how come an organization as powerful and sinister as the one the movie supposedly presents has left ONLY ONE person - and a foolish one at that - guarding the kidnapped kids ? ) . It's flatly directed , too . ( )
486755	386241	106418	5.0	Languid erotic thriller with spurts of violence	The first half of this " country thriller " ( if I may invent a term ) is slow and languid , with an atmosphere of eroticism and barely any plot progression . In the second half the pace picks up a little , but there are too many plot contrivances . Stephen Baldwin gives a pretty bad performance here - I don't know if the popularity of the same year's " Forrest Gump " influenced his acting style , but he often makes his character look like a retard . On the other hand , Patsy Kensit and Jennifer Rubin are well-cast ; Kensit probably has the edge in sexiness thanks to her British accent ! Fans of either of the three main actors will probably enjoy this ; if you're not , you might want to keep your distance . ( )
486775	386241	78928	5.0	No structure , and no purpose .	Dennis Christopher sure is convincing as a total nerd . He's so convincing , in fact , that we can barely stand watching for 90 minutes . But that's not the only problem with " California Dreaming " . It also lacks focus , and for most of its running times it just seems to be drifting from one scene to another , without seeming to know where it's going or what type of movie it's trying to be , and then ( after many stupid , leering comic scenes ) turns dramatic in the end . Well , at least there is an unusual and steamy sex scene . . . . . ( )
487350	386241	78925	5.0	Forgettable .	Franco Nero is a shark hunter and treasure seeker who has a handful of allies , and also antagonists at every corner . The film has fistfights , car chases , foot chases , seaplane vs . speedboat chases and some nicely incorporated shark attacks , but no genuine urgency . The music score is very cool , but at times you get the sense that it's expected to carry along long stretches of the film by itself . And the underwater scenes slow down the pace ( inevitably ) . All in all , pretty forgettable stuff , but not bad . ( )
485955	386241	109578	5.0	A presentable " Face " .	Well , it's easy to be scornful of this movie , after all it is " Part V " of a disreputable series , and Charles Bronson is so old to be playing in an action picture it's almost funny , but the fact remains that it's actually competently made , and possibly the most mean-spirited , sadistic " Death Wish " chapter of them all . Predictable and ultra-violent , but still better than parts " II " or " III " . ( )
486963	386241	75147	5.0	A spiritless film .	Spiritless , disappointing film that makes you feel as tired as its middle-aged " heroes " . You never really know how you are supposed to feel while you're watching awkward scenes like Robin Hood's last swordfight , and you sense that the filmmakers don't know why they included those awkward scenes , either . Connery and Hepburn are very good individually , but they don't click as a pair .
487446	386241	113982	5.0	So forgettable you must be careful not to rent it twice !	Yet another slasher film , with a scarecrow doing the killing ( and targeting young and old alike ) . Not bad production-wise , with impressive special effects and a couple of good-looking girls , but the cliched dialogue and the routine script ( minor SPOILER - they can only defeat the villain by destroying his bones . . . nowhere have I heard this before . . . yes , " Nightmare on Elm Street 3 " ) make it completely forgettable horror fare . ( )
486991	386241	117420	5.0	Keeps us waiting too long .	Van Damme and Roger Moore together ? Talk about an unlikely and mismatched team ! Roger actually looks bored most of the time , which is very uncharacteristic of him . Van Damme made his directorial debut here and I think he did an OK job in that department , but it's the script that dooms this film . We have to wait an ungodly amount of time for the real action to begin , and while in the last 20 minutes there's plenty of it ( and it's dynamically staged ) , it follows the same pattern that we have learned from so many other Van Damme movies : first he gets beaten to a pulp , then he makes a miraculous comeback , etc . ) ( )
486273	386241	443450	5.0	Better if you're not a Seagal fan than if you are	There are two ways to approach this movie : as a Steven Seagal vehicle , or as just another DTV action film . If you choose the first way , you'll probably be disappointed . Seagal is overweight , gives his usual lazy performance , is off-screen for much of the running time , does only some arm-twisting , and in his longest ( i . e . 20 seconds long ) fight scene he is clearly doubled by an Asian man ! But if you take the second way , " Black Dawn " is actually a decent time-passer . It has a reasonably slick look , a good score , a car vs . truck chase that wouldn't be out of place in a higher-budgeted film , and a plot with at least a semblance of complexity . Best of all , it has Tamara Davies , who is gorgeous , convincing , and has way more intense action scenes than Seagal . If I was making the movie , I would have the climax be a gunfight followed by a fistfight between her and the hot terrorist chick played by Angela Gots , instead of the cheesy fake explosion we do get . But that's another story . ( )
486009	386241	82747	5.0	Surreal , bizarre - and pretentious - erotic fantasy	The opening is intriguing : a mysterious woman invades the office of a book editor and forces him , at gunpoint , to read her manuscript aloud . Why is this so crucially important to her ? The manuscript itself , as we see it playing out on screen , is a surreal erotic fantasy about a young woman who checks into a bizarre , labyrinthine hotel where all the guests and personnel are strange and lustful . As this modern-day Alice-In-Erotic-Wonderland , Clio Goldsmith has a good body but a thoroughly unattractive face - from certain angles , she positively looks like a man in drag . Back at the editor's office , Catherine Spaak and Fernardo Rey are much better - especially Rey , who has a way of making a movie seem better that it is simply because he appears in it . But all through this movie , you're waiting for some kind of revelation , some kind of connection between the " real " and the " fictional " world ; it never comes . The ending of " Honey " provokes only a " say what ? " / " so what ? " reaction , and the whole " reading the manuscript " business turns out to be little more than a pretentious device . Lovely score by Riz Ortolani . ( )
487271	386241	113948	5.0	Weaker than the first , but not overly bad . . . .	I have a certain affection for the first " Nemesis " film . I know that everyone considers it to be pretty bad , but at least it was fast-moving and enjoyable . This first sequel doesn't have the original's non-stop action and narrative force , and it's awfully reminiscent of both " The Terminator " ( in its " messianic " myth ) and " The Predator " ( in the look of the monster that pursues the heroine ) . But as B-movies go it's still somewhat above average , and Sue Price , the starring female bodybuilder , is not only impressively built but very appealing , too . ( )
485727	386241	78976	5.0	Another late-70s disaster time-waster .	" City on Fire " was made in 1979 , when the disaster genre was already past its prime - and a dispirited , tired affair it is . Most of the actors ( except for the amusingly unbalanced villain ) sleepwalk through their roles , possibly knowing that the film had no chance of reviving the genre . At least there are some pretty realistic effects , though the movie never makes clear how exactly the fire spread over the entire city . ( )
486200	386241	113926	5.0	Naked Pamela	Taken as a sci-fi thriller , " Naked Souls " lies somewhere between " mediocre " and " not bad " . The ideas ( mind-switching , memory transfer , etc ) are intriguing , even if they have been used in many other films ( the French thriller " La Machine " , with Depardieu , is one that comes to mind ) , but this film goes nowhere with them . However , Pamela Anderson looks breathtakingly gorgeous here ( I don't remember ever seeing her look better ) , and she has one particularly sensual sex scene ( damn was her partner a lucky guy ! ) . The filmmakers must have liked that scene too , because they repeat it in the last few minutes . . . . and it's actually better the second time because it's not intercut ( like it is the first time ) with David Warner's reactions . No disrespect to Warner , who is a fine actor , but he kind of kills the mood in this instance , if you know what I mean . . . . ( )
485652	386241	284867	5.0	In-your-face .	This gory remake of an old Pam Grier vehicle is shot in an extremely annoying pseudo-MTV-ish style ( color filters , quick cuts and flashes , overamplified sounds ) , but if you take it strictly as an assault on the senses , it is partly effective . Lisa Dergan ( the blonde ) completely outshines her co-star in the acting as well as in the looks department . ( )
485782	386241	117473	5.0	Spoiler . . .	Halle Berry's beauty is ALMOST reason enough to sit through any film , and here she's surrounded by a good supporting cast . But this glossy thriller ( great cinematography by Haskell Wexler ) spins a familiar tale , and in the end turns out to be a blatant rip-off of " The Usual Suspects " ( even using pretty much the same closing shot ) . The trick that " Suspects " pulled on the audience was quite unique , and this picture came out too soon afterwards not to be accused of plagiarism . ( )
487036	386241	44662	5.0	Weak .	Groucho Marx's sarcastic , occasionally fairly witty one-liners are the only saving grace of this otherwise weak , mediocre comedy . The cast tries , but the direction has no pacing , and the entire film is burdened with a convoluted , uninteresting plot . Strictly for Groucho devotees .
486141	386241	64397	5.0	Shallow , unsatisfying film .	Be warned : despite some well-executed aerial stunts , this is basically a dreary , heavy melodrama . The major problem with it is that the three main characters come off as thoroughly unlikable people , and have too little depth . As a result , we never truly share their emotions , and the movie's big surprising moment doesn't have the intended shocking effect on us . Two cast members stand out ( Gene Hackman , Bonnie Bedelia ) , the others ( including Burt Lancaster ) are mediocre at best . ( )
485928	386241	311320	5.0	Boring as cinema but thematically interesting	As a piece of cinema , " Blind Spot " is a bold experiment that simply doesn't work ; the filmmakers have one good idea - occasionally they show Traudl Junge watching her own interview and commenting on it - but for most of the film's 90 minutes they have the camera immobile and stuck on her face as she speaks , and although her face is expressive and her words are interesting , your attention can't help but wander on several occasions . But " Blind Spot " is also a remarkably truthful confession of a woman / portrait of a man . Junge says that she doesn't want to talk a lot about the " banal " incidents of Hitler's everyday life , but she keeps doing it instinctively , as you would expect from someone who lived so close to him for three years . She also expresses her guilt about not being able to understand what was really going on at the time ( " unforgivable " ) , and at the end she admits that not even her young age is a good enough excuse for her ignorance . Note : " Blind Spot " may work best for German-speaking audiences , as small details of Junge's speech are probably lost in subtitles of any other language .
486234	386241	82806	5.0	For tolerant genre fans .	Yet another entry in the " psychotic killer on the loose " genre . The premise of this one is somewhat original , but apart from that it has nothing else to distinguish it from dozens of similar films , so you're just sitting there waiting to see how it will tie everything up in the end . It does come up with an unexpected , out-of-left-field plot twist , but the " motivation " part is fumbled . Still , if you're tolerant of low-budget early-80s thrillers , you'll probably have an OK time . ( )
486180	386241	236397	5.0	Crazy , man , just crazy	If you're looking for a totally crazy and off-the-wall film , you should try to track down a copy of this one ( it won't be easy ) . It has everything : threesomes , car and motorcycle chases , ESP , cold war espionage and naked female assassins ( only one , in a very brief scene , but I thought I should mention it ) . The only things missing are narrative coherence and directorial competence ; at some points the continuity is so poor that it seems as if parts of the movie are missing . But considering its rarity , as well as the fact that it's Nico Mastorakis ' second film after the notorious " Devil In Mykonos " , this one has definite cult possibilities . It's not , however , as much of a flesh fest as the other reviewer suggests . ( )
487544	386241	86605	5.0	Crazy HK Hodgepodge	Watching " Winners And Sinners " is like going on a treasure hunt : you have to suffer through a lot of corny , childish comedy to get a few prizes . The prizes include : Samo Hung's fight scenes , Yuen Biao's all-too-brief cameo , the long sequence with Jackie Chan that begins with an exhibition of rollerskating stunts , develops into a furious chase and ends with perhaps the biggest , most spectacular car pile-up ever staged , and the one funny scene with the " Lucky Stars " , in which one of them believes he is invisible ( ! ) . This movie is a mixed bag at best , a scam at worst ( for Jackie fans , since the packaging fools them into thinking that he has a major role ) . ( )
486767	386241	152620	5.0	Passable low-budget action movie	Not a bad little actioner . Matt McColm shows impressive martial arts ability . . . at first I was thinking " Who the hell is this guy ? " , but it soon becomes clear that he knows his stuff , plus he has a sense of humor about himself . Jason Gould takes the " nerdy computer whiz " role and gives it a human face . And Amanda Pays is a very solid female addition to the cast . The film has quite a lot of action , and an undercurrent of offbeat humor that makes it a little different from your typical low-budget action flick . My main two complaints are : not enough hand-to-hand combat scenes ( none for Pays , who does play an ex-marine , after all ) , and a few too many underwater scenes ( and we all know how rarely those work in the movies ) . ( )
485823	386241	67458	5.0	Poorly executed .	A potentially exciting story of vengeance becomes , under Peter Yates ' indifferent and by-the-numbers direction , somewhat of a yawner . Peter O'Toole has the stare of an obsessed , determined man down pat , but this is not quite one of his most remarkable performances . The whole movie is too routine to make an impression . ( )
487199	386241	71344	5.0	Ursula , Ursula , Ursula . . . .	I wonder how , in all those biblical epics they made , they never got Ursula Andress to play the role of Eve . After all , she is the perfect female specimen , so what better choice is there for the first woman ever created ? And can you believe that this incredible body and face belong to a ( then ) 39-year-old woman ? And yes , she does get nude , frequently . There is a rather distasteful scene early on where she gets roughed up by some thugs , but don't worry , she takes charge later on and even kicks a little ass herself ! The plot ? Ah , who cares , it's just a senseless mess about rival crime organizations in Napoli . One strange thing is the tone : for the most part it's fairly serious , but when the fight scenes come they are shot in a slapstick style that reminded me of the Bud Spencer - Terence Hill comedies ( with Woody Strode , of " Spartacus " fame , in the Bud role ) . There is also an overlong " comic " car chase with a clumsy Italian inspector . The problem is that these fights and chases are not the least bit funny . See this movie ( if you can find it ) only for Ursula . . . and frankly , she's reason enough to see it . ( )
486893	386241	192234	5.0	Lisa Boyle shines in mediocre low-budget thriller	Lisa Boyle is beautiful , looks great with a gun ( too bad she gets to use one only at the very end ) , her acting is OK and she deserves a better vehicle than this low-budget thriller , where she plays an aspiring LA actress who gets hold of a computer disk that some bad guys are after . Although the film is amateurishly directed , it is at least a step up from some other entries in the " Women Who Kick Butt " DVD box set , as the cinematography is more competent and the sound can actually be heard almost all the time . But perhaps the most amusing part of this DVD is that it includes an audio commentary ( ! ) , and a very casual and unorthodox one at that . The producer and the director order and eat a pizza as they are commenting ( ! ) , they explain how they tried to work around the problem of their low budget ( although the film is set in LA , most of it was shot in Boston ) , and they're not afraid to poke fun at their film or even at themselves . I give the film out of 4 , but one extra half-a-star for the commentary .
486904	386241	67487	5.0	Not too bad .	Did Evelyn really come out of her grave ? How did she die in the first place ? And who is killing all those people ? You'll have to find out for yourselves , by following a strange plot that does sustain interest but is full of holes ( SPOILER . . . . Why didn't the lord and the doctor act sooner at the end of the film ; And what about the first murder . . . will the killer remain unpunished ? . . . . . END OF SPOILER ) in its attempt to come up with as many unpredictable twists as possible . The film has lots of nudity , but almost all the moments of physical violence ( check out the snake bite ) are poorly done and played . Anyway , it won't be easy finding a print of this film ; the one I saw , although uncut , was extremely scratchy . ( )
486733	386241	95179	5.0	Dumb and run-of-the-mill but well-done .	" Friday The 13th , Part VII " is probably the slickest and most professionally done entry in the series . There are some attempts at creating some " normal " , believable and likable characters along with the usual stereotypical ones . The reason this movie and the previous two parts are superior to the first four cheapies of the series is that major improvements took place on the levels of acting and pacing , and the production values also got better . Unfortunately , this movie is partially ruined by its idiotic climax , where Jason " dies " about four separate times in 10 minutes - and then gets up again . It was too cartoonish to be considered even self-spoofing . Another weak point : while the effects are generally solid , the scene where we see Jason's face behind the mask is unintentionally hilarious ! I mean , he is supposed to be a deformed - even de-composed - corpse , not an " Alien " - looking monster . Still , as a run-of-the-mill slasher pic , this is watchable .
486633	386241	59712	5.0	Not much significance here . . . .	Well-intentioned , star-packed , but overlong drama . Many people have interpreted it as an allegory , but it lacks the unifying vision that would actually bring all the episodes together and give them a dramatic payoff ; the movie seems to be going around in circles for about 145 minutes , and the dwarf's final remark , probably meant to be ironic , just comes across as perfectly honest ( you'll see what I mean ) . Arguably , Oskar Werner gives the best performance here , while Vivien Leigh looks fearfully self-conscious about her age . ( )
486967	386241	117011	5.0	Over-plotted .	This Van Damme vehicle is plotty , yet the plot is mostly uninteresting , and ultimately cliched . The car chases are spectacular but repetitive , and that repetition quickly grows tiresome . Fight sequences are mostly impressive , but when Van Damme faced the same ( great ) opponent for the THIRD time , the thing started resembling a parody . Best reason to see the film is , as the first reviewer points out , the presence of the smashingly beautiful and athletic Henstridge . Van Damme's performance is OK , as always .
486589	386241	95188	5.0	Wildly uneven . . .	This Chevy Chase vehicle moves along agreeably most of the way , occasionally takes off with some laugh-out-loud-gags ( like the sequence involving the bridge ) , other times disappoints with misfired jokes , generally keeps you lightly amused until it suddenly takes a wrong turn towards seriousness halfway through , and leads to an ending that , at least to me , seemed predictable , fake and pathetically hypocritical .
486750	386241	36855	5.0	This one REALLY shows its age .	In my opinion , this film doesn't really deserve to be called " a classic " , because it really shows its age : it may be technically excellent , but the obvious script and Boyer's overacting ( he seems to have " I am BAD " written all over his face ) are unforgivable by today's standards . " Gaslight " has a few effective moments , but , as a whole , it doesn't quite click .
487394	386241	82111	5.0	Middling comedy .	A dreary comedy with some isolated amusing moments . The ingredients for a potentially funny film are here , but most of the laughs just never materialize . The actors try their best ( although Jack Lemmon is often somewhat one-note ) , but it's the flat , uninspired direction that keeps this from taking off . ( )
486404	386241	55841	5.0	Glossy trash .	Vapid , profoundly trashy film , somewhat redeemed by fair performances and glossy production values . Jane Fonda's acting , however , is indeed surprisingly weak ; it's hard to believe that the same actress gave such a powerful and moving performance in " The Chase " , only four years later . The film is both sleazy and tame ; it deals exclusively with the subject of sex , but it is very un-sexy , and never says anything meaningful , either . At least it's painless to watch .
485887	386241	82163	5.0	Who smoked up the script ?	This is the only Cheech & Chong comedy I've seen so far , so I can't judge it against their other works , but if you took out the drug references and the brief nudity and replaced them with a few fight scenes , I'd put it on the level of a lesser Bud Spencer & Terence Hill comedy ( like for example " All The Way , Boys ! " ) : amiable enough , but one laugh per half an hour is not exactly a good enough average to justify a rental , is it ? This movie is too raunchy for kids , too obvious for adults , too scriptless for anyone . There is an interesting surreal , hallucinogenic sequence that is too short , and a role for Pee-Wee Herman that is short but still too long . Cheech himself sums it all up when he says " Ha Ha ! That's very funny , man . It's so funny I forgot to laugh " . ( )
487094	386241	120901	5.0	Stale comedy .	" Wrongfully Accused " has more movie parodies than you can shake a stick at ( the jab at " The Usual Suspects " is a particularly nice bit ) , but overall there are more lame jokes here than clever ones . Like several people have said , the spoof fad has definitely run its course . Besides , Leslie Nielsen is starting to get really old for this kind of stuff . ( )
487331	386241	75339	5.0	Caffaro is hot , the film so-so .	This is your ordinary mid-70s low-grade action-adventure with a female heroine , but it has two distinguishing features : the lead , Cheri Caffaro , is very sexy in an aggressive sort of way , and the director eroticizes the violence ( Caffaro is virtually turned on by pain and death ) . That is quite a daring thing for a movie to do , and the people here deserve some credit for even attempting it . And the climax of the film is surprisingly suspenseful . Now , if only they had picked a more talented leading man and a better editor . . . . . ( )
486013	386241	403657	5.0	Forgive and forget	In chronological order : 1 ) The Dudley Boyz vs . La Resistance and Rob Conway . So lame that even the commentators couldn't keep their attention on it . ) Test vs . Scott Steiner . The winner gets Stacy ( MY GOODNESS she's perfection ) Keibler . If they had Stacy simply standing in the middle of the ring , this would have been a lot more interesting . 3 ) Shawn Michaels vs . Randy Orton ( with Ric Flair ) . A slight improvement over the previous two . A lot of cheating determines the winner in this one . 4 ) Gail Kim and Molly Holly vs . Trish Stratus and Lita . That's more like it ! Faster , better and more energetic than anything before it , with some great moves by Trish . 5 ) Shane McMahon vs . Kane . A " last man standing " match with no disqualifications . Brutal , but slower than molasses . 6 ) Christian vs . Chris Jericho vs . Rob Van Dam . Pretty good . RVD seems to be the best wrestler of the three , so most of the time the other two team up to get him out of the way . Some impressive kicks by RVD , and a painful hold by Jericho . An entertaining show . 7 ) Jerry " The King " Lawler and Jim Ross ( the commentators of this whole PPV ! ) vs . Al Snow and Jonathan Coachman . The winners will be the commentators on " Raw " . Whoever thought this was a good idea for a tag-team match should be shot . 8 ) Triple H vs . Goldberg for the WH title . Fair , with some displays of raw power , but not much more than that .
485821	386241	105629	5.0	Much ado about nothing .	This one is a genuine oddity . Apparently , it confused professional and non-professional reviewers , who don't know how to respond to it . So , they have either trashed it or praised it enthusiastically . I think that those responses are both somewhat extreme , and the movie doesn't deserve either one . While it's far from a successful movie , it does have some interesting elements and its message , although obvious , at least seems heartfelt . It's a visually impressive picture , but the final battle sequence , is badly conceived . As for Williams , he is fairly funny , not hilarious .
486756	386241	110543	5.0	A dud mostly , but it has its redeeming qualities	" Model By Day " is not a very good movie : it's clumsily directed , poorly scripted ( who could the " mystery opponent " be ? Hmmm , look at the cast ) , the editing is a disaster , roughly 70 % of the action appears to have been performed by stunt doubles , and the cinematography is annoyingly soft-focus . What it does offer , however , is Famke Janssen , one of the sexiest actresses alive in my opinion , in a leather outfit and butt-kicking mode . This movie was made one year before " Goldeneye " , and I wouldn't be surprised to learn that the people who picked her for the role of Xenia Onatopp had seen her here first : those eyes . . . those legs . . . that attitude . . . and ESPECIALLY that biting of her lower lip that she does so often . . . watch this movie if only to see her . It also probably served as an inspiration for " Black Scorpion " from 1995 and the subsequent TV series of the same name . ( )
485667	386241	105569	5.0	" What the hell is going on here ? " ( actual quote ) .	I found this movie slightly better than the first " Tetsuo " ( which I HATED ) , mainly because it appears at first to be willing to tell a more coherent ( if still unique ) story . Soon , however , the story disappears into a farrago of violence , mayhem and senselessness ; by the time the completely baffling ending arrives , you've already given up trying to make sense out of what's happening . However , there are some ingenious special effects and a breakneck chase scene that's worth seeing . ( )
487226	386241	86320	5.0	Offbeat but repulsive .	The characters are idiotic , the acting is pretty terrible , the identity of the killer thoroughly predictable and the film repulsive and unpleasant . Of course , some viewers may consider those qualities good . I admit that it was offbeat , and the killing involving bees was original enough , but the " surprise " ending is no surprise for anyone who KNOWS that there is going to be a surprise and pays CLOSE attention to the ( idiotic ) opening sequence .
486099	386241	105592	5.0	Worth a look for Rothrock fans	Cynthia Rothrock is quite hot in this movie , thanks to a combination of her hairstyle , her outfits ( if you hadn't noticed before what a busty , curvy figure she has , you'll notice it this time ) and her brutal , high-impact fight scenes . And even those who complain about her acting ( which I have always found OK for this genre ) will have to admit that it's a lot better than the acting of her co-star , Jalal Merhi . Bolo Yeung still has his physical presence , but to be honest , the lethal blows of his Tiger Style - deep nail scratches - don't strike me ( no pun intended ) as particularly brilliant martial arts moves . The plot is thin , the motivation of the killer is absent , and I also disagree with the way the ending plays out ( spoilers follow ) : after Cynthia fails to take out Bolo singlehandedly , Merhi should have failed also , and he and Cynthia should have teamed up to turn it into a 2-on-1 handicap match . But I guess Merhi's ego ( he is also the film's producer ) got in the way and he had to finish the job alone . ( )
486495	386241	71110	5.0	Not horrible , but not exciting either .	This is supposed to be a suspenseful and gripping story , but I watched it with a curious detachment , because it's so obviously a pre-programmed commercial package that there is never a genuine sense of danger . Charlton Heston is the most commanding performer here and lifts his scenes a notch above the general level of the movie . Icky sweet Linda Blair , awfully self-conscious Gloria Swanson and hammy George Kennedy all compete for the title of " the most irritating person in the film " . ( )
486392	386241	44320	5.0	Weak , lowbrow comedy that can still make you laugh in spite of yourself	Considering that Abbott and Costello had done " Meet The Invisible Man " the previous year , this film was a big comedown for them . But then again , considering that around the same period they also did " Comin ' Round The Mountain " and " Lost In Alaska " , maybe " Meet Captain Kidd " was par for the course . The saddest part here ( apart maybe from all the singing that at times makes you feel as if you're watching a second-rate musical ) is to observe how few verbal elements have remained in A & C's comedy ; instead , their humor has been reduced to the lowbrow , unsophisticated slapstick of mugging , dumb misunderstandings , and people falling down or getting hit with shovels . But sometimes A & C's talent still comes through and the film can make you laugh in spite of yourself . Charles Laughton is loud , bombastic and takes a lot of bumps , to generally unfunny effect ; Hillary Brooke is downright sexy as a female captain , and is without a doubt the brightest spot of this movie . ( )
486130	386241	139487	5.0	Fairly well-made , if slow-paced , thriller	The more you want to see Shannon Tweed in an action role ( as opposed to a strictly seduce - the - men - and - take - your - clothes - off role ) , the more you are likely to enjoy " Naked Lies " . Tweed proves once again that she is quite adept at handling martial arts scenes , and even if her face shows signs of aging , her body is still in great shape for a woman in her forties . The film is competently made ( especially for a DTV project ) and well-produced , shot on scenic Mexican locations . The main problems are the often slow pace , some gratuitous sex scenes ( it's supposed to be an action thriller , not an erotic one . . . . I think ) , and a disappointingly actionless climax . ( )
486874	386241	86289	5.0	Plodding rehash of " The Magnificent Seven "	The problem with this movie is not that it rehashes the plot of " The Magnificent Seven " ; after all , even that movie was a remake of something else ( " The Seven Samurai " , which I have not seen yet ) . The problem is that it rehashes it in a plodding and unimaginative fashion . The main difference between the two movies ( besides the obviously lower production quality , of course ) is that " The Magnificent Seven " were interesting , intelligent and articulate characters ; " The Seven Magnificent Gladiators " are 5 primitive muscleheads , a rookie , and a warrior woman ( Sybil Danning ) . The fight scenes are mostly Bud - Spencer - and - Terence - Hill - do - sword - and - sorcery - style . And being this a PG film , it completely lacks any of the blood and nudity usually found in the genre . A sensuous ( but brief ) female bikini wrestling match is as risqu , and as thrilling , as it gets here , folks ( and no , Sybil is not featured in it ) . ( )
485690	386241	59903	5.0	Sloppy ( if occasionally amusing ) mess .	" What's New , Pussycat " marks the writing and acting debut of Woody Allen ; as an actor , he clearly steals the show , and he has a couple of hilarious scenes . Peter O'Toole is agreeable in a somewhat self-parodying role , but Peter Sellers is really disappointing in this film , constantly overacting and earning very few laughs . Allen's screenplay has some witty lines but generally it's a complete and utter mess - in a way that gives the film an feeling of sloppiness . There are a few chuckles in this movie , but it's very dated , and as comedy it can best be described as highly uneven . And I didn't understand if the sets were intentionally so fake-looking .
485857	386241	90685	5.0	Schematic and predictable .	Overly predictable , overly formulaic comedy has some amusing gags but also some mildly dramatic moments which feel particularly phony because the whole plot ( and its inevitable happy ending ) is believable only as a fairy tale . The film is easy enough to digest , but thoroughly ordinary . Note-worthy , extremely winning performance by Sally Kellerman as an attractive literature teacher . ( )
486752	386241	110463	5.0	Atypical Jet Li movie , for HK cinema fanatics only	I have to disagree with one of the previous reviewers who said that this movie would be ideal for Hong Kong cinema neophytes . I believe that only HK fanatics should even attempt to watch it - the less experienced viewers will probably turn it off after about 30 minutes ( it's no wonder that no American distributor picked it up for re-release ; it certainly doesn't have the wide appeal of a movie like " Meltdown " / " High Risk " ) . The idea is ambitious , the production is lavish , but the story is confusing and unengaging , and the result is a film too bizarre and self-indulgent for most audiences . Jet Li once again proves that he can act ( in a dual role , no less ) , but the vast majority of the fighting is over-the-top and ( intentionally ) unrealistic . There are some memorable moments , however , like his brief encounter with two huge sumo wrestlers ! ( )
487246	386241	121074	5.0	A disappointment for Cynthia Khan fans	This is only the third Cynthia Khan film I've seen so far , and I'm already a big fan of hers - but how could I not be ? She is a gorgeous woman , a good fighter , and a decent actress . In fact , I'm giving " Angel on Fire " a " out of 4 " rating basically thanks to her , because it probably deserves less . The plot is incoherent ( with more different groups of villains than you'll be able to count ) , the editing is choppy , and the fighting , while good in spots ( the woman who plays the thief arguably steals the show ) , is not up to par with that you can find in the " In The Line Of Duty " films with Cynthia . And making matters worse , my version was a subtitled one BUT with often illiterate ( " How dare you are ! " ) and unreadable ( especially when the backgrounds are white ) subtitles . A substandard presentation of a substandard movie .
487053	386241	94997	5.0	Technically well-made but boring .	This film comes up short in many areas , but it's still not Fulci's worst ( it's better than " Aenigma " , for sure ) . The script is thin , and the ending makes no sense , but there are enough well-executed gore set-pieces ( considering the budget , the scene where a man gets split in two is a real dazzler ! ) to make the picture worth seeing , if only for horror fans . ( )
485772	386241	438486	5.0	Audacious , gimmicky , twisty - and empty	" Ten ' til Noon " is one of those films that are more interesting for their form rather than their content . The concept ( how different but interconnecting characters spend 10 minutes of their life , from 11 : 50 to 12 : 00 p . m ) is intriguing , the twists ( that come when the concept is finally broken ) are genuinely unexpected , the acting is fine ( Rayne Guest , in perhaps the film's trickiest role , is both explosively sexy and a good actress ) , the direction is perfectly OK for the budget , but ultimately the film is little more than an exercise in gimmickry ( even having a 5-minute epilogue sequence AFTER some of the end credits have rolled ) , with a few Tarantino influences also evident ( mostly in the dialogue ) . Overall , I'd say it's worth seeing for its sheer audacity . ( )
487170	386241	86393	5.0	A mixed bag , AT BEST .	The most boring of the Supermans . Most of the special effects look phony ( Superman does a lot of flying over matte paintings in this one ) , Richard Pryor's broad comic relief is out of place , and Richard Lester lingers on the violence too long , and as a result ideas that start out witty ( Superman turning into a destructive , amoral alcoholic ) end up looking simply misguided ( the Clark Kent vs . Bad Superman battle is weird more than anything else ) . Still , there is one aspect of the movie that is handled well : Clark's brief idyll with his old schoolmate Lana Lang ( a very sweet and honest performance by Annette O'Toole ) . He should have dumped Lois Lane for this woman ! ( )
487180	386241	66740	5.0	" Theater of Blood " was much better .	Handsome , colorful , but also tedious , lackluster horror film . Much inferior to the VERY similar " Theater of Blood " . I agree with all those who said that Vincent Price's inability to use his voice in a " normal " way hurts the film . His completists will have fun anyway . ( )
486546	386241	117238	5.0	Futuristic spaghetti Western	" Omega Doom " is a movie whose ambitions clearly outweigh its budget . However , there is something to be said for genre filmmakers like Albert Pyun who try to make the most of the budget they do have . As others have already pointed out , this is essentially a spaghetti Western transported to a post-apocalyptic setting . At times laughably pretentious , at other times interesting . Rutger Hauer ( who has the " stoic , mysterious and deadly loner " role , in the classic Clint Eastwood tradition ) still has screen presence , and Tina Cote is pretty hot even when she's playing an emotionless , cold-as-ice killer robot . Their last fight could have been longer and better edited , though . ( )
486064	386241	90630	5.0	A fairly intelligent stupid movie .	I don't know exactly what to make of this . It's pretty obvious that you're not supposed to take it seriously , yet for a comedy it has far too much mayhem and not enough laughs . It's all quite stupid , really , and you might be tempted to shut it off even before the opening credits have finished rolling . But it has at least one charming sequence ( when the female leader discovers for the first time what a " man " is ) , and some of the final scenes , showing the aftermath of a devastating battle , with fields littered with corpses , have a surprising impact . Be warned , however , that the movie DOES feature a shaggy mutant called " Aargh The Awful " ! ( )
486550	386241	101579	5.0	Unexceptional programmer	Although this film is a Golden Harvest co-production , don't expect the fight choreography to be much better than average . For one thing , the villains are not very skillful fighters , and even those few who appear intimidating at first are defeated rather easily ( I hate it when that happens ) . There is still some of the usual good stuff from Richard Norton and Cynthia Rothrock here , but the rapid-fire Keith Cooke easily outshines them both . Biggest disappointment : early on , the movie introduces a super-fit stripper / assassin , and I was hoping for a climactic fight between her and Rothrock ; not only does that never happen - she also disappears completely from the film ! ( )
485941	386241	82308	5.0	Corny , but not dislikable .	Corny sci-fi about a family of aliens ( they look A LOT like us humans ) who find themselves stranded on Earth , chased by the usual government officials , protected by an old man and his orphaned grandson . Strictly kid's stuff , but it has some appeal . The effects are mostly of the " well , at least you can't see the strings " variety , but the film is still interesting as a precursor to " E . T " . For a somewhat similar flick that will really surprise you , try " D . A . R . Y . L " . ( )
486326	386241	59465	5.0	The ( misleading ) title is better than the movie	If there is one thing I don't like in horror films ( well , it's more than one , but never mind ) it's those long , dialogue-free scenes of people - investigating - strange - noises - in - dark - rooms . " Die , Monster , Die ! " has more than its share of such scenes , and this results in a draggy pace : the movie runs only 80 minutes but seems much longer than that . However , there are some good things to be said about it : the prologue is funny ( " He wants to go to the Witley house . Ha ha ha ha ! " ) , the mansion where most of the action takes place is a marvelously old-fashioned and atmospheric set , and the special effects are pretty good - perhaps even ahead of their time . Of course , Boris Karloff fans will want to see him in any film , and despite his health problems at the time he was still an inimitable actor , but in this film he wasn't given enough juicy dialogue to chew on . For me , the standout in the cast is the sweet Suzan Farmer as Karloff's daughter . ( )
486132	386241	91129	5.0	Too long ; a mixed bag .	Generally considered a low point in Eddie Murphy's career , " The Golden Child " is actually a mixed bag . It's at its best when it spoofs the solemnity and the cliches of most exotic epics , and when Murphy delivers some sarcastic , witty wisecracks . And it's at its worst when it resorts to violence ( excessively graphic for such a film ) , special effects and too much " local color " to fill in the dead spots . ( )
486471	386241	116762	5.0	Stagnant , overlong crime drama .	" Keys To Tulsa " is not completely uninteresting - that would be impossible with the cast it has ( including a made-up-to-look-like-Elvis James Spader and a HOT Deborah Unger ) . But the story never seems to build and the movie drags from one purposeless dialogue scene to another ; it goes on so long that it begins to resemble a soap opera . Certainly the only two tense scenes are not enough for the " thriller " this was misleadingly promoted as . ( )
486244	386241	91080	5.0	Amusing at first , ultimately tedious .	" Friday the 13th Part VI " begins by taking the whole Jason legend in an entirely different direction : in the pre-title sequence Jason imitates James Bond ( ! ) and there are a few other self-spoofing scenes to follow . In the first part , the film often approaches the style of a slapstick comedy ! I've never been a fan of the early " Friday " entries ( especially of the terrible " Final Chapter " ) , so I had no trouble in enjoying those moments . But eventually the usual monotony sets in , the killings are standard and the movie becomes tediously repetitive . This film has a huge body count - so huge , in fact , that many of the victims don't even get to introduce themselves before they get decapitated .
486878	386241	374627	5.0	Unsophisticated but inoffensive comedy	The " James Bond spoof " has been done so many times by now that it should be considered a genre by itself , and " Double Zero " has very little that's fresh to offer . Do not think for a moment that because this is a French production it has any more sophistication or wit than , say , Leslie Nielsen's " Spy Hard " - it doesn't . It does have a glossy look and large-scale " megalomaniac villain " sets that recall those of such Bond films as " The Spy Who Loved Me " and " Moonraker " , but nothing very funny happens inside them . The highlights are : 1 ) Plenty of fighting girls that I wanted to see more of ( the fight on the beach is terrific ) , 2 ) A digitized horny rabbit ( you'll see ) , and 3 ) The villain's uncanny resemblance to a younger version of Alan Rickman . ( )
485840	386241	94961	5.0	Wild horror comedy .	This outrageous comic-book style film crosses two genres : the buddy comedy with the zombie horror film . You'll get some undemanding fun from it , but there should be more . It has a fast pace and some good special effects ( the disintegration of a woman , etc ) , but too many repetitive puns about the dead cop's condition ( OK . We get it . He's a walking corpse . Anything else ? ) ( )
487257	386241	82338	5.0	Entertaining trash .	Set in a totalitarian future society , this film has a bleak but quite vividly drawn vision of the world . . . for its first 20 minutes or so ; then it turns into a straight action-chase adventure . The uncut 90-minute version is extremely gory , but some of the effects are rather lame . Nevertheless , it's a fast-paced , trashily entertaining film , and the actors are adequate for the little they're asked to do . ( )
486454	386241	116769	5.0	Customary Franco ineptitude .	What we have here is a story that looks promising on paper ( an isolated castle , a 100-year-old woman who wants to regain her youth and beauty but needs to drink fresh blood to do so , five lost punk-rockers who are destined to be her next victims ) , turned into a stupid horror movie " thanks " to Jess Franco's customary ineptitude . From the overworked fog machines to sheet-covered mannequins portraying naked women ( I'm trying to be vague here , to avoid a spoiler ) , " Killer Barbys " is typical Franco hackwork . The only thing he does well is the creation of a powerful link between sex and violence ( the most erotic sequence is followed by a brutal stabbing ) , but he's probably done that already in most of the 200 or so movies he has directed . The dubbing is terrible ; much of the dialogue is very bad ; the only member of the cast who seems to know what she's doing is Mariangela Giordano . Her " dacaying " makeup in the early parts is pretty good , and when she gets " young " and naked later on , she looks damn good for her age ( 59 at the time ! ) , even when she is covered in blood . ( )
486818	386241	82367	5.0	Derivative horror film .	This somewhat hokey thriller takes itself more seriously than it should ; although it does have some moderately effective sequences , it really suffers in comparison with the archetypal Antichrist movie , " The Omen " ; it lacks the maturity and strength of that 1976 classic ( despite a very solemn beginning ) . To be fair , though , it's no worse than the " Omen " sequels . ( )
487328	386241	44207	5.0	A cheat !	When you watch a movie titled " When Worlds Collide " , you obviously expect the " worlds " to . . . . . you know , " collide " . Well , they do , but it all takes place offscreen ; the movie skimps on effects and spectacle . There ARE some relatively impressive effects here , but they're very limited in their duration . And when we get a view of the new , idyllic planet that the survivors land on , the actors stand in front of what is so obviously a painted backdrop that the whole image reminded me of " Mary Poppins " . Dramatically speaking , the film is certainly interesting and engaging , although as another viewer has already noted , most of the characters are a little too casual and relaxed about the prospect of the total destruction of the earth , which removes some of the tension from the whole situation . ( )
486286	386241	86154	5.0	Routine and confusing sequel .	I've read somewhere that director Franklin is a devoted fan of Alfred Hitchcock . Unfortunately , he lacks the " Hitchcock touch " : his direction here is mostly routine , with only a handful of interesting shots . The script is stronger , and its attempts to build a new story and follow the rules of a murder mystery instead of those of a horror film are praise-worthy . But the plot turns from inventive to awfully confusing at the end . I've seen the film twice , and I still can't say with absolute certainty who the actual killer was !
485789	386241	116828	5.0	Hopper as the good guy ?	Casually violent " crime comedy " about a verbally abused small-time " errand man " who decides he can't take it anymore , and plots an elaborate revenge against his boss , a sadistic gangster . Michael Madsen does what he does best ( looking cool and being baaaaad ) and Kiefer Sutherland is amusing as a desperate porn director , but Dennis Hopper is fatally miscast as the criminal with a heart of gold : hey , casting director , Hopper never begs for respect - he demands it , and makes life miserable for anyone who doesn't play along . The film is not without its moments , but the story ( low-lifes looking to " get out " and " start over " ) is one big cliche from start to finish . ( )
486787	386241	105900	5.0	Good genre cast , mediocre - if passable - results	Look at the cast we have here ! Cynthia Rothrock , Chuck Jeffreys , Robin Shou , John Miller : all of them real-life martial artists . And then there is Donna Jason , who has probably had some martial arts training , and even though she's not at the level of the others , she gets extra points for hotness ( great smile ! ) . In theory , " Honor and Glory " should have been a non-stop fighting fest , but it didn't quite work out that way . The film devotes too much time to its plot , which is scattered all over the place and never seems to really get started , and the actual fight scenes are only average in quality - not bad , but definitely not top-grade either . The film does have its moments ( including Cynthia's scorpion kick and Donna's workout routine ) , but with this cast , we should be excused for expecting more . ( )
486398	386241	105893	5.0	Fast-forward to the 50th minute , then start watching	First of all : as a principle I prefer subtitling to dubbing for Asian movies , but when the subtitles are as bad as they are with my ( Universe ) version of this movie ( bad = illiterate , moving too fast , and completely unreadable against white backgrounds ) , even the cheesiest dubbing voices would be an improvement ! The first 50 minutes of " Hard To Kill " are pretty much a chore to sit through , with almost no martial arts action , just a few boring gunfights , and a " comic relief " local cop who acts like a total buffoon ( to the point of wearing a bra ! ) , even after his partner gets killed in the line of fire . Things perk up when Yukari Oshima finally appears , and it is an almost sensual pleasure to see this woman move - her kicks are impressively fast and precise , and she seems to have great gymnastic abilities . The film still remains routine and cheap , but Yukari's and Robin Shou's fight scenes save it from being a total waste . ( )
487383	386241	70680	5.0	Burt is the only redeeming virtue .	A sarcastic , slightly self-parodying Burt Reynolds in his prime is the best thing this otherwise undistinguished actioner / mystery has to offer . Right from the opening scene , Reynolds sets up an unconventional action-movie character , who doesn't take himself too seriously . Unfortunately , he is plugged into an overloaded and ultimately unresolved plot , and into action sequences that are directed without much flair . Very minor film . ( )
487250	386241	114683	5.0	I agree , it's not so bad	Although Anna Nicole Smith will never be mistaken for a legitimate actress or action star , at least she doesn't embarrass herself in " To The Limit " because the film has been carefully designed to keep her confined within her acting / action limitations ( only one - brief - dramatic moment , only one - brief - fight , etc . ) . The requisite sex / shower scenes do appear , but they are almost treated as an afterthought , as an obligation . The film has a surprisingly intricate plot ( quite confusing in fact , at least during the first half ) , and some of the action / chase sequences ( like one where Anna has to drive backwards while the bad guys are shooting at her at the same time ) aren't bad . Overall , it's an OK low-budget action film , and really , what more than " OK " could you expect in this case ? ( )
486190	386241	82425	5.0	Sloppy but good-natured .	This horror spoof contains enough corny jokes to last you a lifetime , but is generally harmless and even has a certain schlocky charm . Produced on an obviously low budget and sloppily directed by Larry Cohen , it tries to do for werewolf flicks what " Airplane ! " had done for disaster epics the previous year , but it's just too " unpolished " to succeed . ( )
486738	386241	82418	5.0	Forgettable and worthless , but moodily directed .	While you're watching " Friday The 13th , Part 2 " , it's important to forget for a while your normal requirements from a movie . The characters are pitifully uninteresting , the ending is super-idiotic , the whole movie is cheap-looking , exploitive and trashy in the extreme . However , what distinguishes it from the other early " Friday The 13th " outings is the moody , atmospheric direction and the reasonably tight pacing . Miner ( who made the far , far inferior " Part 3D " the following year ) uses many point-of-view shots that are maybe even more effective than the similar shots in the first " Halloween " ! So , while the film is about as bad as the offensively inept " Final Chapter " in terms of characters and acting , it is possibly the best of the series in terms of directing . And it is a HUGE improvement over the original .
487355	386241	361620	5.0	Unchallenging fluff	One thing I noticed right away about " First Daughter " is that Forest Whitaker ( a great actor , by the way ) has a decent sense of visual style . So perhaps he should choose more challenging material for his next directorial effort - after all , there is only so much you can do with a script like this , where everyone says and does exactly what you expect them to say and do ( though I admit that Keaton's President is a little " nicer " than expected ) . Katie Holmes is sweet and engaging ( when she doesn't try too hard ) , but this fluffy role is beneath her abilities . The real discovery here is Amerie Rogers , who gives a wonderful performance as Holmes ' roommate , but strangely enough the movie doesn't seem to care very much what happens to her . And one last observation : why is this movie so long ? It feels like it runs about 4 hours ! ( )
486691	386241	105851	5.0	Run-of-the-mill actioner .	Let's be honest here : if this exact same flick had been made in America , it wouldn't have been given a second look , but it's a Hong Kong production and , inevitably , a hyped-up " cult classic " . Go figure . Anyway , the revenge plot is familiar , and the film , lacking the emotional power of " The Killer " ( the only other Chow Yun-Fat flick I've seen ; both it and he were much better ) , becomes an empty display of pyrotechnics . And a very long one , too . ( )
487139	386241	86050	5.0	Agreeable stuff . . .	This one isn't quite as bad as you might expect . A cheap , schlocky horror movie that offers nothing new to the genre but remains watchable most of the time , thanks to fairly good direction and OK ( considering the low budget ) special effects . The climactic attack of the zombies is poorly handled , and the script seems to ignore the factor of " motivation " , but the movie is still acceptable .
486586	386241	86036	5.0	Trivial horror fare .	Peter Weller's excellent performance is the best reason to see this film ; he gives us a very realistic portrait of a man's descent into near-insanity . Otherwise , this horror film is rather trivial , with an one-note premise which is handled pretty poorly ( although there are some scattered effective moments ) . Fortunately , Weller keeps it watchable enough .
485649	386241	105809	5.0	Slow , obvious thriller .	The script telegraphs all of its " surprises " , the direction is strictly by-the-numbers and Dylan McDermott is a bland lead . There are only two noteworthy elements in this movie : the dangerous , edgy intensity Tom Sizemore brings to his role , and a couple of steamy moments provided by Sharon Stone , who was then at her best-looking phase ; at one point she actually says to McDermott : " Don't fret , you ' ll get the check in a week and you can have me now " . Now that's what I call a GOOD DEAL . ( )
486231	386241	94834	5.0	Not as good as its title . . . . and that says something .	With a title like that , I wasn't sure what to expect , but it definitely wasn't a low-low-low-grade comedy with endless pseudo-pointed conversations about the battle of the sexes ! The humor is very corny and some of the jokes are telegraphed well before they occur ! This still gets a generous rating of two stars , if only because it offers some nice eye-candy , and Karen Mistal , as the bubbleheaded student , is simply amazing .
485695	386241	90966	5.0	Rambling , empty film .	This supposed " satire " lacks two things that are essential for a satire : a target and a purpose . The fact that it's even today considered to be a " satire " is extremely puzzling ; I wonder if there is one person who saw this film and understood what exactly this movie was meant to satirize . But the movie has other problems , besides its utter pointlessness ; the most serious one is that it's rarely funny . It adds up to a rambling collection of episodes , most of which are passable and watchable enough , but none of which is funny or meaningful or strong enough to stop the film from sinking . A waste of time .
487249	386241	114467	5.0	The right grade for this film . . .	. . . is something around a " " . If you take Anna Nicole Smith out , it is a decent action film , with nice explosions , respect-worthy stunts ( people falling from great heights or being burned alive ) , and a few surprisingly solid martial arts fights with Branko Cikatik . And yet until today more than half of the 700-something people who have voted on " Skyscraper " gave it a " 1 " - obviously because of ANS ( and quite a few people gave it a " 10 " - again , obviously because of ANS ) . Yes , her acting is on a high-school play level , and her grotesquely over-sized breasts are a matter of taste , but you can't say that she doesn't make an effort . But if you're thinking of getting this movie just to see her nude , don't - the two sex scenes run a total of 5 minutes in a 90-minute movie and feel like they were added in post-production ( and in what might be an attempt to keep the ladies happy as well , the film includes a fair number of hunky males in it - seriously , these terrorists might have a more profitable career as fitness models ) . Overall , this is about on a par with ANS's other film , " To The Limit " ; take that as you will . ( )
486682	386241	82242	5.0	Slow . . . ( mild spoilers )	Small-town sheriff investigates a series of strange murders ( with the victims being mostly outsiders ) , and discovers that the corpses are being stolen from their graves and re-animated , forming an " army " of walking dead . A good premise , but it's undone by slow , labored direction and illogical plot twists . Some chilling moments , but on the whole an overrated film . ( )
487062	386241	82247	5.0	Well-done but thinly plotted .	A well-done action yarn , filmed on beautiful natural locations . The plot is very thin , though , and the film tries to fill the dead spots with pointless brawls . Not really for Bronson fans , since his role is almost wordless . Marvin's performance is stronger , but , as a whole , this film is routine .
486021	386241	94750	5.0	A poor man's James Bond	Playing a cross between James Bond and Jackie Chan , Sho Kosugi is likable enough , but unlike Jackie when he does a stunt the camera is too far away from him and it's hard to know if he is doubled or not ( if you stick around for the end credits , you'll discover that he WAS doubled on at least two occasions ) , and unlike Bond the action of the movie is limited to one location ( Malta ) most of the time , plus there isn't too much of it . Jean Claude Van Damme makes an awesome villain , but his two major showdowns with Kosugi are rather disappointing . In the role of a female CIA agent , Doran Clark handles her two opportunities for action capably - she should have gotten more . The funniest thing about this film is that Kosugi shows little chemistry with his on-screen kids , even though they are his kids in real life as well ! ( )
487364	386241	90930	5.0	This stuff can no longer affect us . . . .	This rather tiresome sequel to the 1986 Italian horror hit has some clever ideas ( I liked the concept of a demon entering our dimension through a TV screen ) and the special effects range from simply good to jaw-dropping , but the structure is awfully repetitive . You are likely to become totally anesthetized after a while by all the growling and the screaming and the running around and the blood that's dripping from the monsters ' fangs . Even the goriest scenes seem to have minimum impact . ( )
486798	386241	464913	5.0	Lukewarm	Special Agent OSS 117 , perhaps France's most famous answer to Britain's James Bond , enters the 21st century with " Cairo , Nest of Spies " , but unfortunately the producers don't seem sure of how to package his return : as a legitimate period spy flick , or as a spoof of the genre ? As a result , although the film has the colorful credits , the exotic locations , the beautiful women , the intrigue of the Bond universe ( and even a leading man who looks a bit like the 1960's Sean Connery ) , it's neither funny enough nor exciting enough . The indecisiveness extends to the way Jean Dujardin plays the role of OSS 117 : at times competent , suave and on top of the situation , at other times bumbling and making a fool of himself . Even the fight scenes range from serious ( and surprisingly good ) to slapstick ( two guys throwing chicken at each other ) . The highlight - and practically the climax - of the film is the catfight between Brnice Bejo and Aure Autika : I like it when women use real fighting moves instead of just rolling around . ( )
487323	386241	82288	5.0	Dreary .	" Dragonslayer " is a dreary and gloomy fantasy that isn't nearly as much fun as it should have been . It needed a stronger sense of pacing , and more engaging characters . The much talked-about special effects are generally very convincing , although the dragon's face appears to be a bit stiff in close-ups . There are some interesting sequences ( the lottery , the climax ) , but for some reason I never found the movie really exciting . And kids will probably like only a few parts of it . ( )
486051	386241	66993	5.0	Noise and chaos .	Is it perhaps the film's admittedly powerful ending that makes people so willing to forget just how chaotic and dull most of this picture is ? Yes , you read that right : dull ! The scenes simply don't hang together . Russell is at his best in the few " visionary " sequences ( like those where Vanessa Redgrave imagines Oliver Reed as Jesus Christ , walking on water and , later , coming down from the cross to kiss her ) , but he's at his worst when he has to shoot one scene that must follow the previous one clearly and logically . ( )
485880	386241	79592	5.0	Disappointing .	Atmospheric direction , wonderfully " foggy " and detailed production design and a first-rate cast would almost seem to guarantee a success here , but " Murder By Decree " is a stiff , disappointing film . With its annoyingly pretentious dialogue and the affected performances by the main leads ( Sutherland and Gielgud , on the other hand , are very good ) , the picture never really comes to life ; from beginning to end it feels just like an ambitious , polished " project " . ( )
486518	386241	266066	5.0	Perverse , bizarre and thin on plot	Plotting and logic are not this film's strongest points : just the usual story of a female assassin ( with impossibly good aim ) who falls in love with one of her targets and wants to start a new life , but in this line of business " There's No Easy Way Out " , as that song in " Rocky IV " said . Basically , " Beautiful Hunter " is an exercise in perversity : of the two main characters , the woman caresses her own naked body with a gun , gets whipped , electrocuted and kills about 20 people , while the man performs oral sex on her to save his life ( ! ) , gets shot multiple times and stabbed in the neck with a pen . The female lead is compelling , but this film needed a stronger script to work . By the way , I watched the dubbed version , and the dubbing is surprisingly unobtrusive . ( )
487568	386241	80380	5.0	Something this bizarre cannot be dismissed so easily .	Vapid ( largely due to the male lead's inability to act - not surprisingly , this was his only film ) , bizarre fantasy-musical-allegory . It gets points for its sheer audacity and the effort that was put into it - it was probably made on a relatively low budget , yet it manages to create a world of its own ; apparently it was filmed in Germany , but it seems to be taking place on another universe altogether . For some reason , it reminded me of " Zardoz " ( yes , and " Logan's Run " too ) : these movies are so bizarre that they belong in a league of their own , beyond " good " and " bad " . Best song : " If you know how to be a ma-ster " . ( )
486884	386241	28212	5.0	Dated Hitchcock thriller .	This British Hitchcock thriller is dated and pretty weak , certainly weaker than " The Lady Vanishes " . Hitchcock tries hard , and he provides one memorable sequence ( the bomb in the bus ) , but he is defeated by the underwritten , poor script and the equally poor production values .
486749	386241	32536	5.0	Weak Marx Brothers comedy .	After a brilliant and very promising opening sequence , this later Marx Brothers comedy goes downhill and never quite recovers . The film is still fitfully funny but it's also too conventional and not " wacky " enough . I found the romantic elements fairly appealing , but the " musical " parts - including Harpo's harp-playing - had no comic energy and the movie stalled for them . A weak , pleasant comedy .
486167	386241	93215	5.0	Formulaic but pleasant .	Formulaic , uninspired but painless teen comedy . It's the typical formula where the young hero encounters every imaginable object as he tries to get to his ( constantly changing ) destination ; thanks to his wits , and to pure luck , he overcomes all of them . This film shares with many 80s comedies ( " Stripes " comes to mind ) the bad habit of turning into an action film halfway through , but the beautiful locations ( beautifully photographed ) keep it pleasant enough . ( )
486778	386241	63135	5.0	The worst of the series .	It's already been said : the idea of replacing Peter Sellers with Alan Arkin in the role of Inspector Clouseau did not work at all . Arkin tries valiantly , but mostly he seems like a serious actor trapped in a comic role , and his efforts come off as forced . But regardless of who's playing Clouseau , this is a flat , long comedy with a story that makes little sense and apparently ends without being fully resolved , and only a handful of funny moments along the way . Catch " Pink Panther Strikes Again " instead ! ( )
487396	386241	116731	5.0	Average , protracted .	This high-profile star vehicle is generally a misfire . It has little to recommend it besides the leads ' performances : Demi Moore is utterly convincing , and Alec Baldwin displays his charisma and gives us a three-dimensional villain . Not quite an unwatchable film , as many reviews might lead you to believe , but ordinary and needlessly protracted . ( )
487281	386241	68273	5.0	Disappointing " sequel "	First of all , I would like to say that I find Leonard Maltin's review of this film rather inaccurate . " Amusing SPOOF of prison films " ? Calling " The Big Bird Cage " a spoof is like calling " Die Hard " a spoof of action films because it contains some wisecracks and comic-relief characters . That said , I found this film inferior to its predecessor in pretty much every aspect . It is more exploitative , the direction has no pace , the characters are not as strongly drawn and Roberta Collins is sorely missed ( Candice Roman is a pretty blonde , but not as pretty as Roberta ) . Pam Grier's dominating presence ( especially in the scene where she proclaims herself the leader of the prison camp ) is not only the best , but one of the few things that this film has going for it . ( )
485641	386241	93220	5.0	Low-rent sequel to a low-rent movie .	This pseudo-sequel to " House " has no relation whatsoever to it , but the two films do share some common qualities : they are both low-rent , the " jungle " scenes here are as totally unconvincing as the Vietnam flashbacks there , and the comic moments work much better than the supposed " horror " ones .
486246	386241	68230	5.0	Mechanically directed horror film .	" Asylum " is a four-part horror / anthology film that fails to satisfy the viewer . The first story is a familiar , one-note revenge tale . The second begins intriguingly but gets increasingly predictable . Still , it's the one that stands out , mainly due to Peter Cushing's delightful performance . The third story is clearly the worst : slow-paced , tedious , devoid of interest . The fourth and final story is perhaps the most original in its conception , but it's too short and the possibilities never get developed . Aside from a genuine surprise at the end , the scripting is generally unimaginative , and the mechanical direction gives a routine feel to the whole production .
485949	386241	59282	5.0	Slight Supposed Spy Spoof	" Hot Enough For June " tries to be both a James Bond spoof AND a serious spy thriller , but in truth it contains very little humor and very little action . What it does have is a lot of cold war espionage - it certainly feels more like a real spy movie than any Bond film of the period , with the notable exception of " From Russia With Love " . At the end , the real aim of the film seems to be to reveal the pointlessness and futility of the typical spy games . But since what we just watched WAS a typical spy game , the film ends up feeling pointless and futile itself ! Dirk Bogarde is fine as the reluctant spy , Robert Morley is fun as essentially an " M " figure , and the unspeakably gorgeous Sylva Koscina , who starred in several spy movies of this period , reminds us once again what a shame it was that she never got to be a real Bond girl - she would have easily ranked among the Top 3 . ( )
485673	386241	483460	5.0	" Froggy KNOWS she didn't do it "	As you might have already guessed from the title , this episode is not dealing with a murder , but with a theft : to be more precise , with the theft of some top secret plans for a fighter plane from the desk of an English engineer . The main suspect is an American lady that many believe is a spy working for the Germans , but Hercule Poirot , who has been invited to the same house for the weekend , is not convinced that the case is that simple . This is a rather trifling episode of the Poirot series , and maybe the easiest way to explain that would be to say that murder mystery stories are usually more engaging than pre-WWII spy stories . But then again , " this is a matter of national security " , as one character says . No , I think the problem lies elsewhere : in the fact that , if you think about it , the story and its outcome would have been essentially the same WITHOUT Poirot's involvement ( can't get into more detail without spoiling it , but think about it ) . On the plus side , Inspector Japp gets some laughs in this episode , particularly when he's trying not to look at the female suspect while she's getting undressed in the next room . ( )
486419	386241	99088	5.0	Not up to its predecessors .	The last and weakest film in the " Back to the Future " series . Short on invention ( especially compared to " Part II " ) and not terribly funny , this lighthearted comedy-Western relies heavily on the viewer's good will , established by the previous parts , and his / her familiarity with the characters , to camouflage the fact that the time-travelling premise is already wearing thin . But the frantic climax was impressive enough for me to give this an extra half-a-star . ( )
487324	386241	106753	5.0	Interesting film , but what a hideous ending ! !	This movie holds your interest and keeps you wondering , up until an ending which will make cry out " Oh boy ! " . It's so gruesome and far-fetched and off-base that it's positively ludicrous . On the plus side , Drew Barrymore burns up the screen with a much steamier performance than the one she gave in " Poison Ivy " , and the " good guys " are unusually likable ( in an unforced way ) for a horror film . ( )
486813	386241	95652	6.0	One-note horror drama .	This somewhat slow and drawn-out horror film gets increasingly predictable as it moves along . About halfway through , the basic plot pattern ( a telepathic connection between a man and a monkey ) has become perfectly clear , and there are no surprises left . But the movie does offer some compensations ; among them , the acceptable acting and the gruesome climactic scene . All in all , an average horror entry . ( )
486113	386241	88000	6.0	Time capsule .	Extremely predictable and full of stereotypical characters and tired jokes , " Revenge Of The Nerds " can be best viewed today as a time capsule . Definitely an 80's film that shows its age . A few funny moments and some ( brief ) nudity provide a measure of fun . ( )
487175	386241	52564	6.0	Why all the irony ?	How come there are so many negative reviews about this one ? It actually holds up better than many other sci-fi films of that period ( wasn't " Teenagers From Outer Space " also made in 1959 ? ) , and if it's clunky at times , its clunkiness is part of its innocent charm . The effects and the matte drawings may not be perfect , but they're sure colorful and entertaining , and the movie's restrained approach ( at least more restrained that the title indicates ) is most welcome . The presence of a woman scientist is also worth noting ; although her treatment by the ship's captain is often sexist , ultimately she proves to be quite intelligent and competent . ( )
487030	386241	118636	6.0	Interesting , but falls short of greatness .	" Apt Pupil " is an undeniably interesting psychological drama . Bryan Singer's directing doesn't reach the levels of brilliance of " The Usual Suspects " , but it's careful and technically flawless . His material presents some serious problems , though : the movie's moral message is ambivalent at best , and at the end we are pretty much asked to admire the young hero for using his " mentor's " blackmailing methods so effectively . And the story DOES contain some amazing coincidences that are hard to accept ( the kid recognized a man from a 40-year-old photo ? ) . Ian McKellen's performance has been widely praised ; I thought that he was never as menacing as he was meant to be . But Renfro is excellent , and David Schwimmer seems astonishingly ideal for his role . On the whole , a gripping movie , but rather forgettable - and it goes on too long .
486695	386241	112895	6.0	Pleasant enough , but not many laughs .	Pleasant if at times crude , this comedy misses a few too many opportunities for laughs but has better-than-usual computer morphing effects and benefits from the likable performances of Tim Daly and Lysette Anthony , who have genuine chemistry as a pair , and the perfectly sleazy one of Jeremy Piven . On the other hand , Sean Young is still the same beautiful , untalented actress we have always known . ( )
486601	386241	65063	6.0	Allen has done better .	This scattershot comedy offers a couple of chuckles ( check out the " cleverly hidden " camera Virgil uses to study a bank ) but overall is not as funny as some of Woody Allen's other early comedies . Not to mention the overly grainy , drab look of the film that may have been partly intentional , but that doesn't make it any less annoying . Pleasant enough , but I'd rather re-watch " Bananas " instead . ( )
485656	386241	30637	6.0	Too talky	This adaptation of Shaw's play has bright moments , and Hiller is beautiful in an unusual way , but it's so insufferably talky that you beg for more quite moments as a relief .
487044	386241	118577	6.0	Not a total success , but not a dog either .	" Burn , Hollywood , Burn " is not an altogether successful satire . It's shapeless , it's talky , it's self-conscious , it has essentially no plot and it wastes Eric Idle's talents badly . However , giving it " zero stars " or labeling it " one of the worst movies ever made " , as so many reviewers have done , suggests that there is nothing worthwhile to be found here at all , which is pretty inaccurate . There are , in fact , some big laughs in this movie , especially when Stallone ( explaining why the " Rocky " pictures are deeply religious ) and Jackie Chan ( demonstrating how he feels about any director who tries to " control " him ) are parodying their screen images . There are also some biting satirical remarks about the role of the director in a big Hollywood blockbuster and the marketing strategies the studios are prepared to use to get the audiences where they want them . At one point , a producer says : " We don't have a movie . So what ? We have a 30-second trailer . We can release that to theaters and charge full price ! " How far do you suppose this way of thinking is removed from reality ? ( )
485674	386241	676186	6.0	Not a very difficult problem , I'm afraid	When a woman is murdered on a ship cruising around Egypt , the captain asks Hercule Poirot - who happens to be on board , along with Captain Hastings - to investigate the matter . This episode boasts the usual high production values , but the mystery itself is transparent . It all relies on a single gimmick , and I was able to call it as soon as it was happening on the screen . Since I'm far from an expert at solving murder mysteries , I imagine that most viewers will solve this one prematurely , too . That leaves us in the position of being AHEAD of Poirot - a position as infrequent as it is undesirable . At least the actual revelation is done in an interestingly offbeat way . ( )
487482	386241	105156	6.0	Morbid , intriguing , trashy .	It would be the easiest thing to simply dismiss this film as yet another sleazy erotic melodrama ( which it undoubtedly is ) , but the result is too intriguing , and too offbeat , to be ignored . Although this film will disappoint those who are expecting a well-made thriller or even an explicitly erotic movie because it's tame and practically suspenseless , it has an air of weirdness and morbidity that places it slightly above most of the run-of-the-mill entries in this genre . The performances are mostly one-note but convincing enough . Visually , it's a grim , underproduced film , but it does have a " special " atmosphere .
486711	386241	87945	6.0	Good low-budget fun if you like sexy & tough girls	The beginning is awful : trying to convince us that we are on an alien planet , Fred Olen Ray shoots everything through a red filter - it worked in " The Angry Red Planet " , it's a pain on the eyes here . But soon enough the action moves in the Prison Ship of the title , and the film turns into a cross between sci-fi and WIP - and furthermore , the kind of WIP I like : less focus on torture and humiliation , more on catfights ( there are 2 , both very good ) and the final escape . The special effects are enjoyably cheesy , though I , for one , would prefer to see as a climax a hand-to-hand fight between the heroine and the female warden instead of the laser space battles we do get ( some of them apparently lifted from other sources ) . The girls are pretty sexy and put a lot of spirit and energy into their roles , especially Sandy Brooke who should have had a longer B-movie career . ( )
486360	386241	95726	6.0	Too bland .	The writer and director , Alan Alda ( who also stars , sporting an unflattering haircut ) , enters Woody Allen territory here , but the result is unfortunately bland and forgettable . He seems to know all the right moves and maintains an agreeable tone , but there isn't enough wit in the lines , or enough laughs , or enough insights into the characters . Ann-Margret does look sensational , however . ( )
485946	386241	65112	6.0	Serviceable , workmanlike spy thriller that will never end up in anyone's " Top 10 Hitchcock films " list	" Topaz " is at its best when Alfred Hitchcock lets the camera tell the story : there are several small but brilliant moments in this film . But while his direction is still masterful , his pacing certainly isn't - the film often feels talky and plodding . The abrupt ending is another problem - one of the alternative endings , the airport one , sounds much better ( unfortunately I haven't had the chance to see it yet ) . Frederick Stafford is no Cary Grant or even Rod Taylor , but he does the job ; so do the rest of the actors , with Phillipe Noiret a standout in a brief role and Karin Dor adding a touch of sensuality to the proceedings . On the whole , " Topaz " is not even among Hitchcock's Top 10 pictures , but his fans will still have fun spotting his touches here and there . His cameo - a wheelchair-bound man who suddenly gets up and starts walking ( ! ) - is just one of them . ( ) EDIT : I finally did see the airport ending : it is undeniably better than the present one , but still a bit too abrupt .
486248	386241	95742	6.0	One of the best - highly imaginative !	" Nightmare on Elm Street 4 " is one of the best entries in the series . Okay , the first is considered a classic , maybe because it had a feeling of poetic surrealism that is indeed lost here . But , come on , it is the FOURTH Freddy film , did you REALLY expect it to be scary ? Freddy delivers indeed too many puns , however some of them actually hit the mark . After all , the quality of a slasher film doesn't depend exclusively on how " serious " and " vicious " the killer is - he was more serious in " Part 2 " , which was an embarrassment , he was less serious in " Part 3 " , which was an imaginative , entertaining film . As for " Part 4 " , it has way-above-average acting , a polished look ( just compare it to some early " Friday The 13th " cheapies ) and some gruesome , stunning visual effects . Above all , the movie exploits more possibilities about the links between reality and dreams than the " classic " original did . It is worth seeing .
486921	386241	30473	6.0	Slow , but clever .	Considering its age ( almost 65 years old ) , this movie has held up reasonably well . Granted , it is a bit slow and dull ( it runs only 69 minutes but it feels MUCH longer ) , and Boris Karloff is not convincing , of course , as an Oriental . However , he does capture the Oriental philosophy of his character , and the plotting itself ( particularly the killing method ) is ingenious , worthy of a fine crime novel . ( )
486729	386241	56552	6.0	Tame and routine .	Three-part horror anthology film ; mediocre overall . The first story is a familiar tale of supernatural revenge , with Vincent Price giving the weakest of his three performances - in three totally different roles - for the film . He is much more enjoyable in the second story , which is played mostly for laughs , but despite the clever plotline and also a weird , noteworthy performance by Peter Lorre , it all doesn't add up to much . The third story is , in my opinion , clearly the most intriguing and successful one ( and Price is unusually sympathetic ) , but it ends completely illogically . The whole film remains disappointingly tame from beginning to end , but you may still find a couple of worthwhile moments , especially in the last episode . ( )
486665	386241	70552	6.0	Better than " The French Connection " . . . .	. . . . but that doesn't say much . Actually , it's a totally unexceptional crime story , but Enzo Castellari manages to uplift parts of it with his gimmicks and camera tricks . If Sergio Leone had directed a straight crime flick , the result might have been close to what Castellari achieves here . ( )
486486	386241	95542	6.0	Unremarkable movie with some remarkable fighting	In " Dragon Fight " , one of his earliest and least-seen films , Jet Li is part of a Chinese team that comes to San Francisco for a martial-arts exhibition . However , after the show one of his partners ( played by Dick Wei ) decides that he doesn't want to go back to his country , and during his getaway he accidentally kills a cop . Jet is wrongly accused of the crime , gets arrested , escapes and finds refuge in the home of a guy who had seen and admired him in the show , while Dick becomes a well-paid assassin in the service of a gangster . Through a few too many coincidences , the paths of these two former friends cross again . . . Because so few people have seen " Dragon Fight " ( it hasn't even been released on DVD yet ! ) , there is a temptation to say that it's a " hidden treasure " in Jet Li's filmography . Well , it isn't . It is a rather unremarkable movie . But what is remarkable about it is some of the fighting , which is refreshingly realistic ( the word " refreshingly " goes for those who , like me , hate flying-fu ) . Jet Li is at his most youthful , handsome and likable , but " Dragon Fight " is almost as much Dick Wei's film as it is Jet's . This is the only time they worked together on a film , and their final showdown is definitely worth waiting for . ( )
485606	386241	66212	6.0	Too gimmicky , but suspenseful .	In the first half , the elliptical narrative is very confusing for a first-time viewer ; throughout the movie , the direction is sometimes unnecessarily gimmicky , employing fast cutting and close-ups a little too often . Still , the movie has some truly suspenseful set pieces ( where you're afraid that even an accidental " wrong " glance may destroy everything ) , several nude scenes with Ursula Andress and a kicker of an ending . Much better than " Dollars " with Warren Beatty . ( )
485709	386241	70544	6.0	Highly imaginative , but obscure .	This animated film is a feast of imagination , filled with bizarre images and creatures . . . . but , like most mainly visual films , it cannot sustain your complete attention , even for only 70 minutes . Yes , it's an allegory , that much is clear , but sometimes you feel as if you need a guidebook to interpret the symbols . Still , any fan of adult animation should watch this once . ( )
485800	386241	118744	6.0	No " Rosemary's Baby " , but not bad .	Call her campy if you want to , but the fact remains that Jessica Lange , even in a bad day , still easily out-acts the ever-smug Paltrow and the lifeless Schaech ; those two bring almost no personality to their roles , and their affair seems to be having nothing going for it besides sex . As for the film itself , it is rather slack for a thriller , with poor continuity and an awkward ending ; certainly the fact that filmed scenes weren't included in the final cut didn't help matters at all . But it is smoothly directed and not quite as bad as its reputation suggests . ( )
487308	386241	66195	6.0	Enjoyable film runs out of steam in the second half .	" The Owl and the Pussycat " is an uneven but generally enjoyable mix of comedy and romance , with a few dramatic undertones . There are some genuine laughs and some touching moments , but the movie's loudness occasionally goes over-the-line . Streisand is alternately appealing and annoying , sometimes both in the same scene . Segal is very enjoyable in his " everyman " role , and he makes the picture worth watching , although it does run out of steam in the second half .
486151	386241	65206	6.0	Page's acting saves this film	It takes quite some effort to get used to the grainy visuals and the ( initially ) confusing storytelling of this movie , but Geraldine Page's performance eventually puts it across : it's ( the performance , not the movie , unfortunately ) scary , uncompromising and totally convincing . Some suspenseful scenes here , but nothing terribly memorable . . . . ( )
486780	386241	83530	6.0	Mostly funny .	Yes , many of the gags do seem to have come out of the recycling bin . It's still a fairly funny film anyway . It's literally jam-packed with jokes ( sometimes two or three are running on simultaneously , in the same frame ) and if you don't like one , chances are it will be followed by a better one after only a few seconds . And the acting by almost everyone is very good ; they never slip out of their characters . ( )
485792	386241	78295	6.0	Pedestrian thriller .	When the plot of a movie is so simple that it can be summed up in three words - " killer stalks woman " - the movie inevitably will have to be padded out with lots of scenes in which nothing in particular happens , so it can reach the 90-minute mark . " Someone's Watching Me ! " is no exception . Simply put , this film has good camerawork by John Carpenter , but a boring script also by John Carpenter . Lauren Hutton's appearance is dazzling , but her acting less so , and some of the pseudo-hip dialogue she's given is just plain terrible . ( )
487480	386241	39035	6.0	Occasionally shrill but watchable .	Too often shrill and sappy as a musical , but as a straightforward ( and perhaps fictionalized - I wouldn't know ) biography of composer Jerome Kern it's OK , with a fair performance by Robert Walker in the central role . Genre buffs should check it out - after all , it's packed with stars - but others aren't likely to be very impressed by it . ( )
485778	386241	361399	6.0	Not quite a blast , but better than " Die Hard 4 " !	Having recently seen the fourth chapter of the " Die Hard " series and being somewhat disappointed by it ( because it felt more inspired by the James Bond movies rather than by its predecessors ) , I watched " Blast ! " looking for a more genuine " Die Hard " - like experience - and indeed I got it ! What's almost uncanny is how closely this 2004 straight-to-DVD movie resembles the 2007 blockbuster : a technology-heavy villainous plan , a hacker / nerd as the hero's sidekick , a female martial arts expert as the villain's right-hand woman , a kid ( OK , not a 20-something daughter , but still . . . . ) that needs to be rescued , etc . However , unlike " DH 4 " , " Blast ! " stays faithful to the formula of the first 2 " Die Hard " movies ( trivia note : they were written by the same man , Steven De Souza ) , and keeps the action mostly confined to a single space ( an oil rig ) . " Blast ! " ' s climax is also much better , with TWO simultaneous fights AND a race against time going on ! Eddie Griffin is actually quite credible as an action hero , Vinnie Jones has his moments as the villain ( when Griffin tells him what a disaster his actions will cause , he responds " if you look closely , you can see a tear forming under my eye " - that made me laugh out loud ) and ( unlike Timothy Olyphant ) he can fight too , and Nadine Velazquez is awesome and sexy as his henchwoman - I hope her appearance in Jet Li's upcoming " War " helps her gain more recognition , she deserves it . Overall , I enjoyed " Blast ! " more than " DH 4 " , more proof that bigger doesn't necessarily mean better . ( )
487464	386241	61385	6.0	Light but spirited .	Featherweight , thin comedy is nonetheless enjoyable and extremely watchable . Predictable , to be sure , with often juvenile jokes and some simplistic " dramatic " moments , but the stars are very appealing and the general feel-good spirit of the film may actually cheer you up . Excellent underplaying by Redford . ( )
486279	386241	35173	6.0	Spotty	Probably not one of Abbott and Costello's shining moments . It's funny in spots ( " Go ahead , back up " ) , but it lacks comic momentum . 5 musical numbers are simply too many for an 80-minute comedy . The numbers are interesting in their own right , but not well-integrated into the story , and not as catchy as some of those in another A & C film of the same period , " In The Navy " . And although I have absolutely nothing against Black & White films , the tropical island setting of this one might have benefited from being shot in luscious Technicolor . On the plus side , the special effects are very impressive for their age , and as Luana , the island tribe chief's daughter , Nan Wynn is a dazzling exotic beauty - without exaggeration , one of the most beautiful women I have EVER seen . ( )
485909	386241	38988	6.0	No classic , but fairly good .	An adequate and thoroughly watchable film noir which doesn't quite rank with the great films of its genre ( like " The Big Sleep " ) , perhaps because the pacing is kind of slow and the storytelling is somewhat drawn out . It does set up some intriguingly complex situations , however , and it's well-acted by all the leads , with Lizabeth Scott especially appealing ( in an Ingrid Bergman sort of way ) as the " good , vulnerable girl " and Kirk Douglas impressive in his film debut . ( )
487121	386241	66249	6.0	Unconventional detective movie .	A revisionist take on the Sherlock Holmes myth ; the title character is humanized and turned into a complicated , flawed individual . Unfortunately , the main story is not terribly compelling and the movie never hits the mark as a mystery , but you can still admire the depth of the characters and the fine , elegant recreation of the era in which the action takes place . ( )
487247	386241	497468	6.0	The best match is the opener !	1 ) 6-Man Invitational for the Cruiserweight title . Kid Kash vs . Funaki vs . Jamie Noble vs . Paul London vs . Nunzio vs . Gregory Helms . A great choice for an opener . Fast-paced match with lots of high spots . 2 ) Mickie James vs . Ashley , with Trish as the special guest ref . A mediocre match . You get the feeling that Mickie would like to get more technical ( nice single-leg boston crabs ) , but the match is pulled towards a catfight , probably to cover up the inexperience of Ashley . Don't get me wrong , though , Ashley is undeniably learning . 3 ) JBL vs . The Boogeyman . What can I say about this ? Awful , but at least short . 4 ) The Royal Rumble Match . The middle part is kind of exhausting , but the beginning and the end , when the action can be followed more clearly , are very entertaining . The constant dedications to the memory of the late Eddie Guerrero are a matter of taste , though . Personally I find them distasteful . 5 ) Edge vs . John Cena ( WWE title ) . An average match that offers something we haven't seen before : Cena getting out-wrestled most of the way , but coming out on top at the end ! Who would have thought ? 6 ) Kurt Angle vs . Mark Henry ( WH title ) . Before the match , Angle cuts a HILARIOUS promo ( " Oh , and by the way . . . . Mark Henry , YOU SUCK ! " ) . The match itself tells an interesting story : Kurt realizes that he can't beat the World's Fattest - em , I mean Strongest - Man with sheer technique , so he has to resort to cheating tactics ( chair shots , etc . ) . After the match , the Undertaker appears and , with the help of some ridiculous pyrotechnics , makes the ring collapse .
487159	386241	95389	6.0	Disappointing . . . . ( SPOILERS )	I didn't much like this movie . It's odd and unusual enough to keep you off-balance , but the plot has some gaps and unexplained parts . . . . . ( SPOILERS FOLLOW ) Early on , we see a man committing a most brutal murder , but ultimately it is revealed that the " Ripper " is someone else . The whole behavior of the first man strikes me as inexplicable . Perhaps there is a curious kind of connection , a bond between the two killers , but it is never made clear . This script looks like a part of a greater whole that we don't get to see . ( )
487360	386241	48037	6.0	Strange , mildly interesting black comedy	" The Criminal Life Of Archibaldo De La Cruz " is a hard movie to describe . At first , I thought Bunuel was trying to create some Hitchcock-like tension , but later on he seemed to be going more for a black comedy a la Charlie Chaplin's " Monsieur Verdoux " ( the hero's murderous plans keep getting interrupted at the critical moment ) . Unfortunately , his direction here is mostly flat and unexciting , with only occasional glimpses of his trademark flair ( the look on the boy's face when he sees the blood at the beginning , the " dream murders " , the scene where a woman refuses to kiss Archibaldo so he kisses a mannequin that looks like her instead ) . It all leads to an unexpectedly happy ending . Probably not one of the main films that Bunuel will be remembered for . ( )
485813	386241	91635	6.0	Rather good , but it runs out of steam .	This film often becomes the target of hostile and sarcastic comments ; while it is no masterpiece , it certainly doesn't deserve that treatment . It's surprisingly thoughtful , with many offbeat touches here and there ( which somehow never seem pretentious ) , and many realistic moments and " everyday life " observations that add dimensions to the characters . Maybe people are disappointed because the film doesn't really score in the " erotic " department : Mickey Rourke is magnetic but Basinger just doesn't cut it - her only really " hot " scene is her strip-tease , which is also the least explicit one . Although the film suffers from a repetitive story , and eventually , exactly like its characters , runs out of steam , it still seems somewhat underrated .
485786	386241	210075	6.0	Rodriguez is worth watching ; the movie , however , isn't .	Michelle Rodriguez gave an amazingly naturalistic performance in " Girlfight " - she's a real talent . But her character is utterly unsympathetic throughout , and what's worse , the filmmakers don't seem willing to acknowledge that and set her up as the heroine . They argue that the right place for a stuck-up girl who can't control her violent urges , thinks the whole world owes her something and likes solving her problems by punching people in the face is the boxing ring - I say it's the loony bin . The romantic subplot is trite and shallow - Rodriguez and Douglas fall " deeply " in love after meeting twice . Good performance by Joe Mantegna look-alike ( and act-alike ) Jaime Tirelli , as the coach . ( )
486645	386241	108609	6.0	" You dirty creeper ! "	The " sequel " to the cult Hong Kong hit " Naked Killer " ( which , unfortunately , I have not seen yet ) is , according to all sources , a much different film . Not the best way to get acquainted with modern Hong Kong cinema , but a fair enough ride for more seasoned fans . Meandering and unpleasant at times , with the usual uneasy Hong Kong mix of different tones , but technically well-made ; Chingmy Yau's charming presence and Simon Yam's good performance make up for a lot of other deficiencies . Warning : the DVD subtitling is OUTRAGEOUSLY bad ; not even eight-year-old kids make so many grammatical and spelling errors in each written sentence . ( )
487546	386241	78058	6.0	Some funny scenes , but painfully labored storytelling	" Odds And Evens " is not one of the best films of the Bud Spencer-Terence Hill team . There are some funny scenes ( Terence pretending to be an amateur at playing cards , Bud explaining what happens to him when somebody wakes him up abruptly , Bud's encounter with a drunk truck driver ) , and the final showdown takes place on a boat that hosts a small casino - needless to say , the boys make full use of its props . But the storytelling is labored , tiresome and naive ; the 111-minute running time is way too much for a movie of this type . If more gags were as witty as the last one , we'd be onto something here . ( )
485929	386241	285861	6.0	Only mildly compelling	" Owning Mahowny " is not a bad film , and you probably won't regret seeing it . On the other hand , you don't need to rush out to see it , either . It's based on a true story , but I'm not quite convinced that it was a story worthy of being made into a film . Let's see , what are the two main things we learn from this one ? 1 ) If you embezzle large amounts of money from the bank you work in , you'll eventually get caught , and 2 ) If you're an obsessive gambler you're doomed , because most of the time you'll be losing and even when you're winning you won't be able to just pick up your winnings and walk away . I think we all knew these things before we sat down to watch the film . A lot of praise has gone to Philip Seymour Hoffman's acting here ; indeed , he is so good at portraying this monotonous man that I found him . . . well , monotonous . Minnie Driver ( in what is possibly the most unflattering haircut of her career ) is wasted as Mahowny's ever-understanding girlfriend . The truly outstanding performance is given by John Hurt as the enigmatic casino boss , who simultaneously pities , admires , likes and exploits Mahowny . If you're interested in movies about obsessive gambling , you might want to check out the 1974 flick " The Gambler " , with James Caan . ( )
486580	386241	95271	6.0	Just fair .	I had heard and read a lot about this movie being the best sequel to the original " Halloween " , so I must say that I was somewhat disappointed by the result - although it IS superior to the overrated " Halloween H20 " . The series had already become so formulaic by that point that the elements of suspense and surprise had pretty much evaporated . This is basically a run-of-the-mill ( and somewhat bland ) slasher film . But there are redeeming qualities : good acting by Pleasence ( he's positively chilling in his final scene ) , Cornell ( just SO sweet ! ) and Harris , a great ending , some imaginative touches ( like the appearance of multiple Michaels in one almost surrealistic scene ) and the competently executed action set pieces . The killings themselves , however , lack originality ; only the first one ( a grisly thumb-through-the-forehead thing ) really stands out . ( )
486493	386241	66482	6.0	Unique ( non ) movie .	This was the first Andy Warhol-Paul Morrissey film I ever saw ; the shock value wears off a bit after a while , but its boldness and uniqueness never do . " Trash " will probably offend anyone who's not prepared for it , with its full-frontal nudity , close-ups of needles entering veins and a scene of a woman who replaces the impotent hero with a beer bottle as her sexual companion ( ! ) , but the dialogue ( which seems to have been written on the spot ) has a ring of authenticity and Joe Dallesandro walks around in a constant stupor so utterly convincingly that it's hard to believe he wasn't actually " on " something when this was being filmed ! But be warned : the script is non-existent and the transitions from one scene to another are often very abrupt . ( )
486004	386241	70328	6.0	Mediocre Bond outing	" Mediocre " seems to be the best word to describe this movie : as Bond flicks go , it's nowhere near the bottom of the barrel ( " Diamonds Are Forever " , " The Man With The Golden Gun " ) , but it's not at the top of the list ( " Goldfinger " , " For Your Eyes Only " ) either . It certainly begins promisingly enough , with lots of humor , and contains perhaps more offbeat elements than any other Bond movie ( the voodoo rituals , the funerals / celebrations , the fact that EVERYBODY seems to be on Bond's tail ) . But in the second half dialogue and plotting are forgotten ( something that , contrary to popular belief , never happened in the best series entries ) , and the film degenerates into a series of frankly boring chases . Moore makes a comfortable and assured debut as 007 ; Jane Seymour is a lovely but bland Bond girl ; and Yaphet Kotto may be one of the best actors ever to play a Bond villain , but his part is underwritten . ( )
487563	386241	91431	6.0	Uneven Jackie .	" Armour of God " features incredible chase sequences , amazing stuntwork and creative use of various props in the fight scenes . The problem is with the " linking material " , which is weak and sometimes even boring . So it's not the best film to start with if you've never seen a Jackie Chan movie before . Unfortunately , I watched the 88-minute version with the corny English dubbing - try to avoid that one if you can . ( )
486015	386241	91428	6.0	Brandon Lee's first film	" Legacy of Rage " proves that Brandon Lee had enough talent to become an action star in his own right , without counting only on his famous father's name . He is a strong , likable , handsome , assured and charismatic hero - and this is only his film debut ! And when he gets angry , he is one dude you don't want to mess with . Regina Kent is adorable as his girlfriend , and Michael Wong turns in a convincing performance , as he changes from a bitter young man to a ruthless crime boss . The film itself is rather slow and unexceptional story-wise ( half prison flick , half revenge flick ) , distinguished from similar American fare mostly by a few superb hand-to-hand fight scenes and the amount of blood in the climax . ( )
487183	386241	303758	6.0	A pretty solid low-budget thriller	Julie Du Page , as a sexy , efficient assassin who likes to strip down to her lingerie before killing her victims ( well at least they die happy ) , is a large part of what makes this movie work . She effortlessly switches from sweet to ice-cold to aggressive , and she knows how to use her sensuality to work over Erika Eleniak's teenage son . Erika , as a divorced mother with financial problems who makes the wrong move by giving a car ride to Julie , appears to be a little bland at first , but as soon as the life of her son is put in danger , she turns into quite the wildcat . Given all the build-up , however , the final confrontation between the two women could have been longer . Also , the script seems to be running around in circles for large periods of time . But overall " Betrayal " ( or " Lady Jane Killer " - a much better , less generic title ) is not a bad little movie . ( )
487069	386241	83806	6.0	A witty but convoluted thriller .	Incredibly convoluted mystery-thriller is highlighted by witty dialogue ( " Well , it's not what you'd call involuntary homicide " ) but has a few TOO many twists . Caine gives another astonishing performance , but I've watched " Deathtrap " three times and that " stormy " resolution always seems barely comprehensible .
486694	386241	108656	6.0	Chan is effective in one of his more serious roles .	Although the complete lack of comedy may disappoint some of Jackie Chan's fans , I found him quite fascinating to watch in this more serious part ; he proves , once and for all , that he CAN act , and he handles his complex relationship with the chief villain ( who is not as one-dimensional a character as you might expect ) particularly well . Perhaps if you're unaccustomed to Hong Kong action cinema , the frenetic pacing and chaotic storytelling , combined with the ( bad , of course , but not unacceptable this time ) dubbing , can create a disorienting effect . But the action starts early on and never lets up , and the fight scenes , while not numerous , are AMAZING . ( )
487157	386241	100881	6.0	Weak plot but stylish direction ( SOME SPOILERS )	One of Lucio Fulci's last films , this is a cross between a murder mystery and a horror shocker . It has a rather weak script and resolution ( it just doesn't seem to matter much who did it one way or the other ) , but it's stylishly , sometimes imaginatively directed by Fulci . ( SPOILERS FOLLOW ) . . . . . . Some viewers called this too tame ; I guess it depends on your standards . It does feature a gruesome autopsy scene , repeated shots of worms munching on a rotting corpse , a attack by decomposed zombies ( ! ) and a scene of a man who spits blood . Not your normal " mystery " stuff , I'd say . ( )
487300	386241	70355	6.0	Should've been more forceful .	" Magnum Force " is probably the best of the four " Dirty Harry " sequels , and it presents Harry in a different , more human light , but it still has more than its share of problems . Harry takes too much time to figure out the case , the direction lacks rhythm , there are too many drawn-out action sequences than go on for so long that the suspense evaporates , and there are also a few too many clumsy tracking shots and awkwardly fast camera movements . Oh well , at least Eastwood is still in top form and the music score is just great . ( )
487432	386241	95348	6.0	Sometimes funny , could've been funnier .	This movie has some undeniably funny moments , but overall it's not in the league of " Naked Gun " . The jokes don't come fast enough . And although you're not supposed to take this sort of thing seriously , you may get the feeling that the movie trivializes some serious problems ( like drug addiction and youth gangs ) by making fun of them . Still , any movie that features both Jim Brown AND Isaac Hayes ( with a few notes of his classic " Shaft " theme to boot ) is at least worth a look . ( )
486579	386241	65491	6.0	Grisly but surprisingly good .	Most of the reviews I've read about " Mark of the Devil " tend to over-emphasize the " graphic torture scenes " aspect of the film , but if you're expecting this to be just a sickening piece of trash cinema you may be surprised . The historical context lends unexpected weight to the story , and there are some interesting character conflicts between Herbert Lom and Udo Kier . Although repellently violent at times , and definitely not for everyone ( that " removal-of-a-tongue " scene is pretty grisly ) , this film does not deserve to be sloppily dismissed . ( )
486930	386241	83739	6.0	An absorbing piece of exploitation .	" Death Wish " meets " The Blackboard Jungle " in this brutal , increasingly violent thriller . If I were to judge it from a strictly objective point of view , I'd have to be very negative - it's a totally exploitative piece of work . But there is something inherently absorbing about this movie , and you simply can't take your eyes off it . Its 93 minutes pass like a breeze , and for that alone it probably deserves two stars . Has pretty good acting , too .
486354	386241	87597	6.0	Juvenile fantasy .	Basically kid stuff , although it may engage some adults occasionally . Variable special effects ( the explosions look particularly unconvincing ) but very good makeup . The scenes set on earth , with a robot that has taken the place of the hero while he is fighting for the protection of the universe , produce some charming moments - like the one where the robot " fixes " a problem with his ear or his attempts to flirt with the hero's girlfriend . The scenes set in space are less successful ( even " Moonraker " had more impressive set design ) . And the basic story ( despite beginning from a good premise ) is silly ; " the frontier is about to collapse " and " we're under attack " ? Who cares about that stuff anyway ? ( )
487509	386241	109552	6.0	Better-than-expected .	I wasn't a big fan of the relentlessly unpleasant 1990 original , and this direct-to-video sequel certainly didn't look too promising . After viewing it , however , I found it superior to the first film . It follows the original's formula closely but emphasizes action instead of violence ( although there is still an element of sadism ) . It's a slicker-than-expected production , with plenty of mayhem and noise , which also re-creates some of the cool visual tricks that the original's director Sam Raimi had used . And Larry Drake returns as Durant with an utterly convincing performance .
487413	386241	118100	6.0	Interesting but uneven and overlong .	This film has a complex , multi-layered structure that grabs your interest . . . but not much substance underneath . There's no real mystery to the plot , and no real revelations about " human nature " either . Well-acted all around - including a little boy who is wise way beyond his years . ( )
486393	386241	43476	6.0	Nothing special , but worth watching for its three stars	There is a scene somewhere in the middle of " Double Dynamite " where Frank Sinatra and Jane Russel are lying on their beds in two rooms separated only by a thin wall and start singing to each other ; the camera lingers on Jane's face and smile , and it's a delightful moment . The rest of the movie is not quite on that level , but the three stars make it worth watching anyway : Sinatra is likable , Russell is dazzling , and Groucho Marx has some laugh-out-loud zingers ( " You're getting married ? Where is the ceremony taking place , Alkatraz ? " ) , and does some of his trademarked eyebrow-raising as well . In fact , I would say that this is a better showcase for him than the Marx Brothers ' last film " Love Happy " , in which he was essentially just a guest star . " Double Dynamite " is a minor film , but it passes the time very easily . ( )
487219	386241	100740	6.0	Great special effects in the service of thin stories .	The first story is thin , and features some surprisingly bad acting from such well-known names as Christian Slater and Julianne Moore . The second story is also thin , but better than the first , and features solid gore effects . Harrison's direction is also at its most imaginative in this one . The third story is the best of the lot ; although it feels rushed and underdeveloped , it has great special effects and a chilling " moment of revelation " . Overall , not bad but nothing special . ( )
487133	386241	91778	6.0	OK rehash .	This fair sequel to " Poltergeist " is better than the original in many respects ( performances , humor , scare factor ) . But it's burdened with a stupid script that destroys most of its chances . Julian Beck has a particularly threatening screen presence , but he seems to belong in a GENUINE horror movie and not in this just-acceptable rehash . . .
486626	386241	100778	6.0	Arguably the best in the series	The Iron Angels ( Alex Fong , Moon Lee , Kharina Sa , Fong's new male partner , and another guy called " The Computer " - no sign of Elaine Lui this time ) go to Thailand to stop some terrorists . That's pretty much all the plot you need for this one . For pure fighting fans , this is probably the best film in the series . Moon Lee has more fight scenes than in the previous films and looks pretty lethal : one of her best moves is when she jumps on a guy , wraps her legs around his waist , flips backwards , lands on top of him and punches him straight on his face ! And Fong has an extended Muay Thai ring match against a local fighter . But shootout fans won't be disappointed , either ; a gunfight near the end has an INCREDIBLE body count that easily rivals that of most war movies . The girls-with-guns factor is brought down a little by the absence of Elaine Lui , and the fact that Kharina Sa is given nothing to do , but goes up again with the addition of several female baddies , the leader of whom is a pretty muscular blonde . There are also notable Bond references : we get the female version of the Bond vs . Red Grant train fight in " From Russia With Love " as Moon Lee takes on a Japanese killer lady ( who even has shoe-knives ! ) , the blonde villainess pets ( not a cat but ) a baby croc , and at the end the heroes attack the terrorists on jetpacks like the one Connery used in " Thunderball " - only these are equipped with inexhaustible machine guns ! ( )
486746	386241	64639	6.0	A little better than its reputation .	This sci-fi drama isn't altogether successful , yet it manages to be slightly better than its reputation . There are some really dull spots , but for a " commercial " picture like this ( full of people in uniforms ) the acting is good ( why is Crenna so neglected ? ) , and a few quiet character scenes hit the mark .
485650	386241	113303	6.0	Entertaining enough .	I haven't read Dean Koontz's novel , but most of this movie's faults can be traced back to predictable and simplistic script , which bears a strong resemblance to " The Eyes Of Laura Mars " . Otherwise , this is an entertaining horror thriller , with trippy " tunnel vision " ( literally ) sequences , flashes of dark humor and the usual good performance by Jeff Goldblum . The " good vs . evil " climax does come off a bit cheesy , but that doesn't happen because the effects are not good ; it happens because of the way in which they are employed . ( )
487453	386241	39631	6.0	Chaplin and Black Comedy : an uneasy encounter .	One of Chaplin's most ambitious films , but today more interesting for its historical importance than for its actual content . It gets better as it goes along , gradually building to some cleverly staged comic sequences , but it is morally vague , rather stagey and , worst of all , awfully protracted ; we have to wait for a long time to get to the good stuff . This film is mostly a matter of taste . The outstanding performance is not given by Chaplin , but by Martha Raye , who , not coincidentally , is in most of the movie's best sequences . ( )
487312	386241	113313	6.0	Quirky action-comedy with quite possibly THE sexiest woman of the 90's	I don't know if it's her hairstyle ( short hair looks great on some women - she is clearly one of them ) , or her soft makeup , or her attitude , or the way she handles a gun , or the way she fights . It's probably a combination of all of the above that makes Tia Carrere SO sexy in this movie it's distracting - you may find yourself focusing too much on her and not paying enough attention to the rest of the movie . Thomas Ian Griffith shows a flair for self-spoofing , a quality I always appreciate in an action hero , and Donald Sutherland clearly had a good time playing an eccentric , soft-spoken assassin . A quirky sense of humor , occasionally amusing dialogue ( " When did you stop trusting me ? " " January 30 , 1968 " ) and some big explosions add up to an unpretentious and generally fun little action-comedy . ( )
487052	386241	221885	6.0	A workmanlike sci-fi thriller .	" The Contaminated Man " is an efficiently but also very routinely made thriller , unoriginal and unexceptional in the extreme , right down to the ruthless " national security " agents who value the secrecy of their projects more highly than human life itself . For what is essentially a chase film , there is not enough urgency in the story . Peter Weller is remarkably convincing in a role that requires him to look much older than he really is , but he fails to gain much audience sympathy - he may be captured or he may escape , but we don't care very much one way or the other . ( )
485783	386241	113326	6.0	Several notches below Jackie's best work .	Atrocious dubbing , gratuitous violence , moronic dialogue , chaotic plot . . . . " Rumble In The Bronx " is so bad in so many ways that it's hard to know where to start . It has only two major fight scenes ( with Jackie against many but not especially skilled opponents ) , and only one truly noteworthy stunt . The only reason this movie was such a big hit is that when it came out , in 1996 , most people hadn't seen enough Jackie Chan movies , so they had nothing to compare it to ; if it were released now , it wouldn't stand a chance . ( )
487456	386241	83131	6.0	Certainly better than " Private Benjamin " . . . . .	. . . . but that's not really much of a compliment . It does provide a more accurate ( or at least more convincing ) portrayal of the Army life ( even though it's all done strictly for comic purposes ) , and it has some very funny moments ( the basketball - through - the - window - glass gag had me laughing out loud ) , but eventually it runs out of steam and becomes ( oh boy ! ) an action movie . Great cast , though , with enough on-target one-liners for Bill Murray and an especially appealing performance by the 22-year-old Sean Young . ( )
486292	386241	104667	6.0	Slightly overlong but entertaining fare	I am under the impression that in most of the films they have made together , Cynthia Rothrock and Richard Norton are partners ; " Lady Dragon " twists that situation around - this time they are opponents . And they are both at the peak of their physical powers : Cynthia looks amazingly flexible , and her acting is better than usual as well , and Richard is just highly enjoyable as the villain ( after setting a man on fire , he says to his henchmen : " Don't just stand there . Put him out before he ruins the lawn ! " ) . The story is just a standard revenge tale - I think the main " inspiration " here was Jean-Claude Van Damme's " Kickboxer " . There is also a kung-fu kid , a sensuous mistress for Norton , a wise old Oriental master ( of course ! ) , and a wild cars-vs . - motorcycle chase . " Lady Dragon " is no masterpiece , but for low-budget American / Indonesian martial-arts fare , it's above-average . ( )
486927	386241	100637	6.0	Overloaded with wisecracks .	If you've ever wondered what a horror film written by a Woody Allen wannabe would come out like , then check this one out . It's imaginatively directed , has a typical but enjoyable " haunted place " premise , solid makeup effects . . . . it's an all-around good job , but with one major flaw : the dialogue is overloaded with cheeky wisecracks and witticisms ( sample : " You want scary ? Go shopping with my ex-wife " ) that sometimes hit the mark , but are too often delivered at the most inappropriate moments ( even while the hero is battling an evil ghost ! ) . ( )
486400	386241	109427	6.0	Enjoyable Hong Kong actioner	Although this movie has that feeling of sloppiness not uncommon in low-budget HK action films of the 90's , it does offer two beautiful , brave women in the main roles , and I can think of many worse ways to spend some time than watching them do their thing . While neither Jade Leung nor Anita Lee are , as far as I know , real-life martial artists , they throw themselves into their roles with energy and spirit . The fight scenes have a Jackie Chan flavor to them , with props and surroundings coming into play . Jade plays a suicidal , edgy cop that is clearly modelled on Mel Gibson's character from " Lethal Weapon " , and she does some impressive stunts , including a probably " Police Story 3 " - inspired scene where she hangs on to a flying helicopter ! ( maybe she was doubled for parts of the stunt , but it's also clear that she did a lot of it herself ) . Anita is sweet and girlish , but when it's time for action , she's all business . You gotta love a bikini cutie with a gun ! My main complaints about " Satin Steel " are the somewhat jarring moments of graphic violence ( including a cut-off ear ) in what is generally a lightweight film , and also the over-use of slow motion in some action scenes . On the other hand , the over-use of slow motion when Jade Leung is running is more than welcome . ( )
485829	386241	109417	6.0	Clever , if familiar .	All the others have already mentioned " Body Heat " as one of the key influences on the makers of this film , so I'd like to point out that the story line also bears a strong resemblance to " No Way Out " : the man who is supposed to be investigating a case also has to hide the fact that he is the mystery figure everybody is looking for ! The story is smartly written and well-planned , and when you watch this for the first time , you'll be genuinely surprised by some of the plot developments . The film is , unfortunately , too derivative and familiar to be outstanding , but it IS boosted by some great performances ; watch for a young Benicio Del Toro , already showing a unique screen presence . ( )
487026	386241	144814	6.0	Superior to " Carrie " . . . . .	. . . . . but that's not really much of an achievement , since " Carrie " was such an annoying and overrated picture . I have to admit that this sequel is superior to the original in most respects : it offers better characterizations , superb effects and a final shock that is much more cruelly effective than the one in " Carrie " . However , the film suffers from a predictable storyline . The filmmakers add a few twists of their own in the first hour ( including a surprisingly tender love scene ) , but finally the film starts following the original's formula dutifully . And that " revenge " excuse for all the violence is even less satisfying this time . ( )
485983	386241	60865	6.0	Neat whodunit	As almost everybody has already noted , " Circus of Fear " is not a horror movie , despite the title , the advertising and the presence of Christopher Lee ( in a secondary role ) . It's a cross between a crime caper and a whodunit . And as soon as you get over your initial reservations , it turns out to be an engrossing film that keeps you guessing all the way to the end . The story is full of strange , shady , secretive and suspicious characters , but the revelation of the killer's identity still comes as a shock ( to me at least - it blew my theory away ! ) . Apart from the sometimes overemphatic music score , this 40-year-old movie still holds up today . And who wants to miss any opportunity of seeing Klaus Kinski playing . . . . Klaus Kinski ? This guy only needed a cigar , a few close-ups and two or three lines of dialogue to look creepy ! ( )
485665	386241	78740	6.0	Actually , it's watchable .	The fourth and last " Airport " movie is not really too bad ; it nearly drowns in soap-opera cliches at times , but some of the action scenes are decently spectacular ( especially near the end , when decompression slowly tears the plane apart ) . The people who made this obviously knew that they weren't going to be taken very seriously , and that the film wasn't destined to become a classic , but at least they didn't try to rip the audience off ; they cared enough to deliver a watchable movie . And it's nice to see George Kennedy calm and relaxed for once . ( )
486654	386241	60880	6.0	Clumsy thriller . Thank God Segal is in it !	I wanted to make a list of all the things that are wrong with this film , but I can't - such a list would need much more than a thousand words . People tend to like it because " it's not like the Bond movies " ; well , it's not - it's like " The Ipcress File " , except that " The Ipcress File " was a genuinely smart and atmospheric movie , while " The Quiller Memorandum " is a clumsy , dated spy thriller full of pseudo-hip dialogue and plot holes . And considering how terrible its one fight scene is , it's certainly a blessing that it doesn't have any more . George Segal is a fine and always engaging actor , but the way his character is written here , he doesn't really come across as " a spy who gets along by his brains and not by his brawn " ; he seems interested almost exclusively in the girl he meets , not in the case he's investigating , and ( at least until the end ) he seems to survive as a result of a combination of his good luck and the stupidity of the villains . I'll give this horribly dated film a generous rating anyway ; hell , you don't see a cast as great as this one every day !
487174	386241	78767	6.0	Undemanding horror fans will get what they expect .	Passable horror film . Marginally better than what ( immediately ) followed it in the series . Not as creepy as " The Omen " ( which it resembles in its " freak accidents " ) , but also not as overblown as the overrated " Poltergeist " . Who knows , if Spielberg had produced this one too , today it might also be considered a horror classic . However , Rod Steiger should have been instructed to calm down a little before his big church scene . ( )
487292	386241	64728	6.0	Arty thriller .	A somewhat " arty " kidnapping film , directed in a cold , detached style that doesn't get us very involved , and also shows little compassion for the poor victim ( although Pamela Franklin's expressionless performance is also to blame for that ) . However , Brando and Boone are very good ( despite having to play characters that are NOT well-developed ) and there is an ambiguous , interesting ending . ( )
485743	386241	109327	6.0	The ending is a cop-out .	Uneven horror film is worth watching most of the way , but finally blows it all with the cop-out ending it has devised to get the hero out of the tight spot he has gotten himself into . Furlong is utterly believable in his role and hits all the right notes , but the " Trickster " is an overly jokey character who doesn't fit in well with the tone of the rest of the movie . This guy is even lamer than Freddy was in the " Dream Child " . ( )
485625	386241	64816	6.0	Sluggish , atmospheric French thriller .	" Sluggish " is the key word here . In the movie's sluggish first hour , director Jacques Deray does little except perfectly capturing the atmosphere of summer heat - the blazing sun , the rippling water of a pool , the sensuousness of the almost-naked bodies . . . . while the characters say things like " I'm going to shave " , compete in swimming and go shopping . Because this is also supposed to be a thriller , a murder must eventually come - and it comes after 80 minutes , in an atmospheric and memorable , but also poorly motivated scene . The aftermath of the murder is as sluggish as its preparation . It's really a well-made film , but maybe TOO suggestive - the audience has to fill in too many blanks . Another problem , already pointed out by a previous reviewer , is that Birkin ( the young girl that catches Delon's eye ) is a lot less attractive than Schneider ( the woman he already has by his side ) ( )
485910	386241	60424	6.0	A moderately pleasant comedy .	There are undeniably some bright moments in " The Fortune Cookie " , and the much-praised performances were indeed excellent . But this movie is fatally overlong ! Its one-joke premise cannot really sustain 120 minutes , so the second half too often seems to meander . Combine that with the static nature of the plot and with the fact that this is the kind of comedy that produces only mild amusement ( and moral messages ) , not belly-laughs , and you'll end up with a rather middling flick . ( )
487373	386241	462229	6.0	Solid , undemanding entertainment with a good cast	I found " Code Name : The Cleaner " to be a harmless , entertaining little spy comedy-mystery , and was somewhat surprised to find so many negative reviews about it . The plot is intriguing enough to keep your attention and adds up quite well , Cedric The Entertainer is more often funny than not , Lucy Liu and Nicollette Sheridan are both very sexy ( no James Bond film since " Goldeneye " has had such a dynamite female combo ) , and the action / martial arts parts are surprisingly solidly handled : Mark Dacascos and Lucy Liu are in top form , and even Cedric and Sheridan get to perform some moves ! Strange as it may seem , Liu does better action work here than in both " Charlie's Angels " films ! On the whole , this is not the kind of movie that will change your life , but it's perfectly watchable just the same . ( )
486793	386241	43255	6.0	Inconsistently funny , but fascinating from a technical standpoint	Very funny in spots ( " How did I ever graduate ? " - " I slipped that guy 20 bucks ! " ) , slow-going in others ( despite the complete and welcome absence of any musical numbers ) , " Abbott and Costello Meet The Invisible Man " is probably not one of the duo's best films from a purely comedic standpoint , but it is nevertheless fascinating , if only for its amazing special effects . Clever , elaborate photographic , editing and other tricks are employed to achieve such effects as the invisible man removing his bandages from his head which is completely transparent while the rest of his body is not ( " There is no reason to lose your head over this " , observes Lou ) - effects that in our digital age would probably be achieved by pressing some buttons in a computer . That's why you have to appreciate the effort and creativity that went into making such things happen . ( )
487132	386241	95904	6.0	A pleasant surprise .	No great shakes in terms of scripting and originality , but this interesting horror film has an unusual , realistic edge that sets it apart from most routine thrillers . Well-drawn characters and first-rate effects make this a perfectly decent , if minor , effort . The explosive final sequence is very well-edited .
487001	386241	47574	6.0	Dazzling but forgettable musical .	This musical certainly has everything money can buy ; you can almost see money dripping from the screen . The use of colors is truly dazzling ( and best appreciated on the new DVD ) , and some of its musical numbers are showstoppers ( my favorite was Monroe's " Lazy " - oh , the way she pronounces the word ! ) . But the story is flimsy even for a musical , and the direction is impersonal throughout - there are virtually no close-ups in the entire film ! The wide-screen framing certainly helps the musical numbers , but when we have a scene with two people just talking to each other and the camera STILL refuses to go closer to them , the result is a frame with a lot of empty space on the sides and two figures that you can barely see in the center . Honestly , if some of the " dramatic " scenes were played by impersonators of the stars , nobody would know the difference ! ( Monroe not included , of course ) . ( )
487401	386241	109275	6.0	Acceptable sequel .	A belated , acceptable sequel-remake of Hitchcock's superb 1963 film , this isn't quite the turkey you might expect to see after all the excessively hostile reviews it has received . Well-paced and well-shot , it builds to some fairly good attack sequences ( it's much gorier than the original , of course ) . However , it lacks that special apocalyptic edge that Hitchcock's film had ; it seems to be much more modest . ( )
487358	386241	22268	6.0	Predictable early-30s comedy elevated by wonderful cast	There are two main things going against " Platinum Blonde " : it's drearily predictable and simplistic ( how long will it take Williams to realize that Young is the right gal for him , and that he prefers his old lifestyle ? ) , and apart from a few shots that take advantage of the rich family's huge house , it has no cinematic ( visual ) interest . What it does have is a lot of snappy dialogue , some funny moments ( " Your mother wants to kiss me ? Give me back my letters ! " ) and a wonderful cast - especially the women : Jean Harlow really is the kind of woman that could seduce you and make you do crazy things , and Loretta Young really is the kind of girl you'd want to spend the rest of your life with . But even in the supporting cast ( the butler , the mother-in-law , the newspaper boss ) , everyone fits his or her role perfectly . ( )
487519	386241	92130	6.0	A mixed bag .	The movie begins badly , with some racing scenes that go on for so long you may start thinking you're watching a James Bond flick . Then it wastes some more time by following the characters in their everyday activities , which are of little interest . But when the couple from " A Man And A Woman ' is finally reunited , Lelouch shows that he still hasn't lost his touch when it comes to quiet dialogue scenes , in which expressions speak as loudly as words . And the idea of filming a movie ABOUT the story we saw in the first movie makes for an intriguing re-examination of the original from an unusual perspective - the perspective of the fictional character who starred in it . But Lelouch still can't stay concentrated on the things that really matter , and even when he later introduces a new , completely unexpected story thread ( the " adventure " in the desert ) , he keeps intercutting it with another film-within-a-film , which is boring and pointless . The final impression is that of a film with many good things in it , but also a whole lot of flaws . ( )
487169	386241	69754	6.0	Thoroughly demented !	Don't bother looking for a single sane character in this twisted , demented sickie , because there isn't one ; you just keep watching and waiting to see who will prove to be the most perverse of them all . If you can accept the hard-to-swallow premise , then the film is fairly entertaining . Plus , it has an AMAZING ending . You won't see it coming , no matter how good you think you are at predicting plot surprises . ( )
486447	386241	22158	6.0	Perhaps their most anarchic film . Not their best	Most Marx Brothers fans agree that their first five films , made for Paramount , were generally better than their remaining eight . Among their early films , however , " Monkey Business " is probably the one that is most rarely mentioned ( OK , maybe it is mentioned more often than " The Cocoanuts " ) . There is a reason for that : although this may be the single most anarchic Marx outing , it is not one of their best . Anarchic also means disorganized , and this has its good and its bad points : there is almost no plot to get in the way of the comedy ( good ) , but there is also a missed opportunity to go further with the idea of the Groucho-Zeppo and Harpo-Chico teams working for rival gangsters ( bad ) . There are no musical numbers involving secondary characters ( good ) , but there is a piano solo and a harp solo back-to-back in the last 15 minutes ( bad structure ) . Seeing this film today , it is Harpo's physical comedy that seems the most timeless in my opinion . Sure , Groucho could deliver his lines incredibly fast and some of those lines were decades ahead of their time , but Harpo is the life of the film's most memorable bits , like the puppet show or his impersonation of Maurice Chevalier . He is like a visitor from another planet , where people are allowed to do all the things we want to do but can't . He's extraordinary . ( )
486176	386241	69729	6.0	Pam Grier and Margaret Markov - what more is there to say ?	I wish there were more actresses out there like Pam Grier . A very pretty face , a wonderful body , a tough attitude and surprisingly mature acting for a woman who was , when this " Arena " was made , only 24 years old . And Margaret Markov , her co-star here , is not far behind in any of those categories . The biggest virtue of this film are those two characters - strong , well-defined , acted with conviction . Others have compared the " Arena " with Roger Corman's WIP flicks , but the treatment of the subjects here is much more thoughtful and non-exploitative . As for the actual fight scenes , considering that most of these women probably had not touched a sword before in their lives , they did a fairly good job . Too bad the DVD is full-screen , which damages the compositions severely . ( )
487242	386241	455116	6.0	Unpretentious , energetic entertainment	" Tokyo Raiders " , made in 2000 , was a fun , lightweight action film that didn't exactly cry out for a sequel . But after five whole years one was made anyway , and it is another fun , lightweight action film that manages to equal , if not top , its predecessor . There are some creative fight / chase scenes ( in the subway , on the wings of a bi-plane , etc . ) , and most of them have a comic element as well . It's always nice to see a Hong Kong film with real martial arts and limited wire-work and CGI , though the editing can be confusing at times . Tony Leung is a cool and suave lead , like an Asian version of James Bond . Shu Qi is charming , if perhaps underused action-wise . And Richie Ren does a good job of replacing Ekin Cheng ( not in the same role ) from the first film . Overall , " Seoul Raiders " is a film that doesn't pretend to be anything more than it is - pure entertainment - and I enjoyed it on that level both times I saw it . ( )
487497	386241	69738	6.0	Don't think about it too much .	The concept sounded intriguing - the execution is inadequate . First of all , it's too literal . It would perhaps be better if we couldn't see the " Asphyx " at all - and if we had to see it , it should have been a more " abstract " form , not a cheesy little creature . Also , horror films usually work better when a character you can identify with gets into trouble . Here , all the characters are unlikable from the word " go " . And last of all , the film's plotting won't stand up to any kind of scrutiny . Can anyone explain how exactly one becomes " immortal " under any circumstances when his asphyx is captured ? If , say , someone was to chop off your head , how could you possibly continue to live ? If you're interested in the consequences of immortality , there is a four-part horror anthology out there , called " From A Whisper To A Scream " . Its second episode was about just that , and did a better job with it in 20 minutes than " The Asphyx " does in 90 . ( )
486424	386241	74553	6.0	Atypical Bronson fare .	Amusing western-comedy , with Charles Bronson in one of his most atypical roles . The film is an interesting curio ; I don't remember seeing something similar . A minor work , but well worthwhile .
485876	386241	83366	6.0	Childish , occasionally amusing .	It begins as a spirited , freewheeling farce , but somewhere along the line it runs out of script and goes flat ; this is the kind of comedy that will occasionally have you grinning but rarely truly laughing . George Hamilton is equally zesty and self-spoofing in both his roles , but Leibman , as Zorro's merciless enemy , gets increasingly annoying as the film goes along . ( )
486038	386241	95984	6.0	No surprises , but still a solid " B " .	Solid B-movie with OK performances and slam-bang special effects . This is one of those neglected little thrillers that set out not to offer anything new to the genre , but at least to give fans of those movies their money's worth . And this one generally seems to know its business ( although it does get a little too loud near the end ) . ( )
487109	386241	109196	6.0	" She's tougher than she looks " !	Linda Kozlowski is pretty much the whole show here . As a female P . I . , she strikes a believable balance between toughness and vulnerability : she is not superhuman but she is fearless ( even reckless ) , she is not an expert fighter but she can and will fight anyone when the need arises . It is quite refreshing to see a woman portrayed like this in the movies , and Linda's performance is excellent ( even if it's easy to spot the 2 or 3 scenes where she was stunt-doubled ) . As for " Backstreet Justice " as a whole , apart from a fairly explicit - and sensual - sex scene , it plays more or less like a TV-movie-of-the-week , and just isn't very interesting . I give it a , but if the exact same movie had been made with a male lead , I'd probably give it a 3 .
485809	386241	87175	6.0	Generally enjoyable film .	" Dreamscape " does require a little more suspension of disbelief that most entries in the sci-fi genre , but adds up to well-paced , generally enjoyable , occasionally exciting film . Effects are somewhat dated today , but Quaid's charming , confident performance makes up for that . Definitely a minor picture , but still unjustly neglected .
486699	386241	69697	6.0	Mainly for kids .	" Watch Out , We're Mad " has a slam-bang beginning , some good slapstick ( especially the fight in the gym ) and the occasional clever comic bits ( check out Bud Spencer's reaction when he is ordered to get out of his buggy or the bad guys will have to " splat " it ) , but is hampered by the slow-moving , nearly non-existent plot and the tiresome overacting of the villains ( which include a German-accented Donald Pleasence ) . By the way , you'd better like the theme song of this movie , because you're gonna be hearing it A LOT during its running time . ( )
487085	386241	60522	6.0	Extremely slight .	As everyone else has said , Hepburn and O'Toole make a wonderful pair ; unfortunately , this vehicle doesn't do them justice . It begins promisingly , as a sparkling and witty romantic comedy . But then it turns into a straightforward caper movie , and it gets stalled . The plan for the caper itself is both ingenious and implausible . Overall , a passably entertaining little movie , but nothing worth seeing more than once .
486547	386241	117821	6.0	Ponytail fu , head fu , mantis fu , spear fu , etc . . . . . . .	Most Westerners will probably be drawn to " Tai Chi Boxer " by Yuen Woo Ping's name , but I think it is a movie targeted primarily at Chinese audiences , who will probably respond more to its themes and period setting . The story is uncompelling , but the martial arts action choreography is spectacular and fascinating . Although Yuen Woo Ping sometimes resorts to wires , he lets the action stay on the ground long enough to let you appreciate the skills of the several martial artists who appear in the film . Jackie Wu , in his film debut , has graceful moves , and the fact that he is not very muscular makes his victories even more impressive ; he really does make you believe that Tai Chi is the most powerful form of kung fu ( especially when you add a mean ponytail to it ) . The guy who plays the main villain is fantastic - he seemed REALLY angry at all times . It is also a pleasure to see Sibelle Hu ( one of the sexiest and most expressive actresses of Hong Kong cinema , in my opinion ) in what is , according to IMDb , her last film role to date . ( )
485736	386241	100353	6.0	OK fare .	This made-for-TV crime drama is one of those films that terms like " OK " and " passable " must have been invented for . It certainly isn't a bad film to be condemned and ignored at once , but it isn't good enough to be watched twice or to deserve special attention , either . Just a professionally made little thriller that manages to sustain your interest , despite a high number of implausibilities in the second half . Never rousing but always watchable .
487317	386241	416496	6.0	Enjoyable female buddy Western	The pairing of Salma Hayek and Penelope Cruz in action roles and a Western setting sounds like an idea that can't miss - and it doesn't . The two women make a dynamite team and are just plain enjoyable to watch together . Personally I'm not the biggest Cruz fan , but she impressed me in this film , particularly with her gun tricks . The leads get able support from a clever but physically clumsy Steve Zahn , a creepy Dwight Yoakam and a gruff Sam Shepard . Even the horses are amazingly well-trained and add to the action and comedy . The directors maintain a lively pace , with the exception of the " kissing lesson " scene , which develops into a running gag that falls flat . The film's attempts at substance ( " Viva la revolucion ! " ) also come off as forced , but as a piece of lightweight fun " Bandidas " does the job . Highlight : the wonderful fight between Cruz and Hayek , this scene is a dream come true . ( )
486662	386241	74740	6.0	Nothing you haven't seen before .	Franco Nero essentially reprises his role from " Django " , playing yet again a shaggy loner who is the fastest gun in the West and almost singlehandedly fights and destroys an entire gang of crooks . However , what was fairly fresh in 1966 , is no longer fresh in 1976 . The movie is too self-conscious about its own style , too derivative . You can only milk the " strong man of few words " cow so many times . It does have some interesting , unusual flashbacks , though , and beautiful widescreen cinematography . ( )
486133	386241	95800	6.0	Beautiful . . . . when it doesn't sag .	There are some extraordinary moments in this stunningly filmed movie ( a tear in the eye of a horse that's about to die , a human-bear close encounter , a weird dream sequence ) , but it often sags because of its rather numbing pacing . The bear cub is certainly lovable and expressive , but maybe it's just impossible for us to stay as deeply involved in the story of a bear cub as we can stay in a story with humans . ( )
486161	386241	95803	6.0	Passable stuff .	A pretty routine thriller , but competently directed and relatively well-written . At first it seems to play all its cards too early , but it does keep some surprises in store . Some intense horror sequences help , but in the final 5 minutes the film resorts into standard cliches and implausibilities ( killers that just won't die , forgotten characters appearing out of nowhere , etc ) .
486785	386241	100410	6.0	Uneven Hong Kong ripoff of " The Golden Child "	Much like the " Inspector Wears Skirts " series , also directed by Wellson Chin , " Prince of the Sun " is a mix of broad comedy and wild , over-the-top action . The first hour or so belongs mostly to Sheila Chan , Conan Lee and the little boy who is the reincarnation of Buddha ; these three are sometimes funny and Sheila is cute . Cynthia Rothrock pops up for a fight here and there , but doesn't really take charge until the last 30 minutes ; from then on it's all action , as the good guys , helped by the spirit of a martial arts master , fight the bad guys who want to kidnap the little Buddha and use him for their own purposes . Cynthia is in good form , but the film often gets cheesy , especially when the head villain / demon with the maniacal laugh appears . Unfortunately , the current DVD version of this movie is a total rip-off , featuring atrocious dubbing , poor full-screen framing , and even off-synch sound ! And , perhaps needless to say , Cynthia NEVER appears in the sweaty tight top that the cover shows her in . ( )
485626	386241	95834	6.0	Kinky and bizarre .	OK , I admit it : I rented this movie only because it has Eva Grimaldi in it ; well , Eva has only a minor , virtually non-speaking part , and the film is far from the conventional erotic thriller you might expect based on the video box promotion . It's really not a very good movie , but it's unlike anything you've ever seen before . Part kinky soft-core sex film , part murder mystery , set in a vaguely futuristic world , it is a very strange , very arty film , with some bizarre music ( " The Man I Love " ! ) and casting ( female bodybuilder Teagan as . . . herself ) choices . It's obvious that one of the goals of this movie was to create ( with limited means ) its own world ; it succeeded admirably . By the way , did the person who said that " it wants to be like " Basic Instinct " " bother to check out its production date ? ( )
486956	386241	100419	6.0	Funny . . . even if you don't want to admit it .	This movie is undeniably tasteless , and toward the end it runs out of steam ( one car chase too many ) . BUT . . . it's often funny , and that has always been the essential mission of a comedy . By the way , this is NOT primarily a kids ' film ; kids may get a few laughs out of it , but the more subversive asides ( " Maybe if you keep moving your hands like that people will think you actually know what you're talking about " ) are really intended more for adults . ( )
487120	386241	74686	6.0	Too languid .	After this film is over , you'll probably feel that you've just seen a quality movie for serious movie-goers . But while you're watching it , you may find yourself thinking than it needed a shot of adrenalin . It's an elegant and insightful drama , but very languidly paced . Apparently , everybody involved with it tried to give the ( rather soapy ) material more weight than it could hold , so almost everything - direction , acting , dialogue rhythms - seems kind of overdeliberate . Great last shot , though . ( )
485814	386241	113419	6.0	OK but plodding family fare .	" The Indian in the Cupboard " is a generally acceptable film , but it could have been MUCH better . Although it lacks originality , its story had potential , but somehow the result falls short . Arguably the most crucial weakness is that it stretches credibility to the limit ; the basic premise of toys coming to life is easy enough to accept , but the suggestion that the toys have their own , secret , private lives even when they are seemingly soulless pieces of plastic , is really hard to swallow . Moreover , the film would me more fun if it allowed its characters to explore the possibilities and activities of " the real world " , but they seem to suffer from melancholia and boredom and they just want to " go back " . The special effects are excellent , and the film does have a couple of inventive moments , but too much moralizing and plodding pacing make it seem longer than it is . would be a fair rating , I think .
485699	386241	29811	6.0	Unexceptional Hitchcock fare .	" Young and Innocent " is a passable but unexceptional Hitchcock thriller ; it is inferior to his preceding ( " Secret Agent " ) picture and FAR inferior to his following ( " The Lady Vanishes " ) one . There isn't enough suspense , and the script is devoid of surprises ; in fact , the whole story is so exceedingly SIMPLE that the film feels slow-moving , even though it's only 80 minutes long . And Hitchcock collaborates here with one of the least appealing female leads of his entire career . Still , the picture does improve in the second half , and the much-talked-about scene where the identity of the killer is revealed is indeed a magnificent , unforgettable shot . Hitchcock also handles the increasing nervousness of the twitching killer exceptionally well . Why couldn't the rest of the film be equally inventive ?
485804	386241	95871	6.0	Morbid , offbeat .	This film is certainly unique - nothing like you've ever seen before . That's not necessarily a good thing , but it does make it intriguing . Sure , it may remind you of " Psycho " or of " Magic " ( the 1978 thriller with Hopkins ) , but its slow pacing , its MORBID atmosphere and its weirdness make it feel completely different from those movies . It's not particularly good or bad , just EXTREMELY weird . Pay attention to the opening sequence , or else the ending will seem inconclusive and you'll have to rewind the tape - like I did .
486769	386241	104769	6.0	Tense , claustrophobic and at times bloody thriller	I had never heard of this movie until I watched it , but it turned out better than expected . It's nothing great , but it's tense , well-made and well-acted . Having three relatively unknown actors in the three main roles works in its favor - sometimes you almost forget you're watching a movie . Elizabeth Gracen is beautiful , sensual , strong and convincing : when she tells the villain that she is somehow turned on by him , only to catch him off guard , it's no wonder he is fooled - the viewer is fooled as well . And David Bradley is not the one-dimensional villain you might expect : he manages to bring out the sympathetic sides of his character , despite the horrible things he does ( " It's not so much that I want to sleep with you " , he tells Gracen , " It's just that I want to wake up next to you " . That is genuinely romantic . Too bad he also kills people . . . ) . ( )
485728	386241	90323	6.0	More interesting than people say it is .	If you're expecting lots of action and gunplay , don't bother ; you'll surely be disappointed . The movie focuses more on intrigue and endless spy games . The complicated story maintains interest throughout , but ultimately it's all for naught . Still , there is a sly performance by Edward Fox to be enjoyed ( if you can stand his deliberately curious accent ! ) ( )
485896	386241	90327	6.0	Average .	False " scares " abound but few genuinely scary moments in this slick-looking but unexceptional thriller . The earnest performances give some unexpected depth to a few " intimate " scenes , but the " demonic possession " plot is too cliched for this movie to qualify as anything more than a passable time-killer . ( )
486942	386241	71517	6.0	Grier is foxy but the film is mediocre .	Pam Grier's beauty and the not-so-subtle attempt at social commentary make this somewhat overhyped blaxploitation film worth seeing . But it's a lurid , sometimes overly brutal picture , and despite what many others have said , I found the pacing to be not half as fast as it should've been . The catfight in the lesbian bar ( which is prominently featured in the old video box cover ) is also majorly disappointing in its staging . ( )
486574	386241	113855	6.0	Good of its type .	Although I've never actually played the game , I found this movie surprisingly entertaining . It had plenty of visual pyrotechnics to keep the viewer interested , some impressively shot fight scenes ( the standouts ? Johnny Cage vs Scorpio and Kang vs Reptile ) and a comic , spoofy flair that worked as the perfect antidote to the moments of solemnity . Except for Lambert ( who is awful ) and Bridgette Wilson ( who is beautiful but can't act ) , the cast is adequate , with a particularly likable performance by Linden Ashby as the sarcastic Johnny Cage . And what a pulsating music score ! ( )
487141	386241	94671	6.0	Minor item .	If you're planning to watch this simply because you're a Donald Sutherland fan , don't bother . He isn't likely to impress you with his mediocre performance here . As the for the film itself , it's watchable but very minor . It manages to remain reasonably interesting most of the way , but it doesn't have many surprises to offer and it MOVES LIKE MOLASSES !
487467	386241	90350	6.0	Overscaled , uneven .	This would probably have been more effective as a straightforward crime thriller ; Michael Cimino stages some unusually gripping action scenes with great flair . Unfortunately , those scenes are brief interruptions of the long , talky passages that occupy most of the film . Often plodding , " The Year of the Dragon " has an intense moralistic tone , trying to make the hero's crusade against crime seem a lot more grand and tragic than the script would justify . But Rourke , who has always been an underrated actor , does bring some depth and ambivalence to his character . ( )
486870	386241	86978	6.0	OK thriller . ( SOME SPOILERS )	" Blind Date " is an OK little thriller that takes place in an unusual setting ( Athens ) . It has : a ) A pretty shaky plot . Although the initial idea , that of a blind man being able to see through a device that transmits images directly to the brain , seems vaguely plausible , the way the hero literally stumbles upon a maniacal killer , and the way he can remember things by " connecting " his brain to an Atari video-game machine ( ! ) , is just too much of a coincidence . b ) Plenty of gratuitous female nudity . It seems that EVERY single female character in the movie had to disrobe in front of the camera ( usually just before being killed ) . c ) Acceptable ( for 1984 ) special effects - except for one quick attempt at gore that is unintentionally funny ( a blood-spraying knife ? ) . Not a great film by any means , but time passes . . . . ( )
487566	386241	94642	6.0	Not as bad as I thought it would be .	The theme of religious fanatics who live in complete isolation and consider any contact with the outside world " contamination " has been done to death in the horror genre , but here they give it another go . Apparently they decided that wasn't enough , so they also threw in the " adults-behaving-as-kids " theme , which also has been done before ( check out the REALLY twisted 1973 film " The Baby " ) . The result is a campy , silly , demented and thoroughly unpleasant horror film , but the production is fairly polished , the direction is competent and Rod Steiger gives a deliciously embarrassing performance as " Pa " ( what the hell was he thinking when he decided to sign on for such a movie ? ) ( )
486300	386241	67100	6.0	Unapologetic martial arts / mixed fighting fest	The plot is of secondary importance : something about a female karate champion who goes to the Phillipines to investigate her sister's disappearance and stumbles on a drug ring and a tournament of no-holds-barred fights to the death . The film is mainly a showcase for the beautiful , athletic , voluptuous woman and convincing , tough fighter Jillian Kesner - and I have no complaints there : she has about 10 fight scenes in this movie , the first one of which occurs after only 2 minutes ! The production is very cheap , but the fight choreography is actually quite good - not exactly on the level of early Jackie Chan but certainly vastly preferable to the heavily wired , computer-enhanced crap that so often passes for martial arts today . The long scene in which Kesner ends up topless as she tries to fight off two attackers is not just exploitation , but almost a statement : here is this undressed , unarmed , completely feminine woman and these two men can't touch her , can't even go near her without getting hurt . I'm surprised this B-movie mini-classic is so little known today . ( )
485681	386241	389328	6.0	Lucy Liu has rarely been more commanding - not to mention beautiful - on the screen	In " Rise " , Lucy Liu gets one of the most complex characters of her career so far - certainly a far cry from the fluffy " Charlie's Angels " - and she is absolutely compelling to watch . She is by turns scared , confused , desperate , driven , brutal , ruthless , cruel , humane , compassionate . She is both a heroine ( taking revenge against the serial killing vampire clan that left her for dead ) , and an anti-heroine ( killing innocent people to survive ) . She is a victim AND a victimizer . And she is solidly supported by the rest of the cast : Michael Chiklis takes a role that could have easily been just a sidekick , and makes him important . James D'Arcy , as the head villain , is both repulsive and suave . And Carla Gugino manages to make a strong impression in about 10 minutes of total screen time . The director keeps the story tight , at least in the first hour ( and I'm surprised that so many people found the film's simple time twists " confusing " - I wonder how long they would last in " The Prestige " . . . . ) , and makes very judicious use of gore - there is just enough needed to make the point and move the story along , but not too much to slip into gratuitous excess . " Rise " does look and feel like a B-movie , but sometimes a well-made B-movie is preferable to an overproduced blockbuster . Those expecting an action / gore fest will probably be disappointed , but those who want a bit of depth along with the feasting on their menu ( think " Interview With The Vampire " here ) may like this more . ( )
486910	386241	79271	6.0	Doesn't shock anymore , but Scott is first-rate .	In this movie , Paul Schrader more or less equates the world of pornography and sex shops with a version of urban hell , and that is pretty hard to swallow . " Hardcore " is never once as shocking as it probably would like to be ( no , not even in the brief " snuff " footage ) . But as a look at the way the porn industry operates , it has its telling moments ( and a few amusing ones ) . The good actors carry the film on their shoulders determinedly , especially George C . Scott in an intense , terrific performance . ( )
486868	386241	90186	6.0	Tense and better than you might expect	Purists or experts might disagree , but I believe " Too Scared To Scream " is an earnest attempt by the filmmakers to create an American version of the Italian " giallo " thrillers . Although the violence isn't particularly graphic , the film plays like a murder mystery in which you think you know who the murderer is , but you can't be sure until the last frame . It does have its flaws ( some obvious red herrings , some ridiculous " fake scares " ) , but it offers a few tense moments , an unexpected ( if far-fetched ) conclusion , and good performances by most of the cast ( especially by the man who plays the chief suspect ) . A good choice for mystery fans . ( )
486573	386241	82432	6.0	A good movie with too many slow passages .	Though undeniably well-intentioned , " Gallipoli " just isn't as wholly compelling as it should be . It seems to ramble on for an inexcusably long amount of time , getting lost in too many side trips , before finally hitting its target ( and rewarding our patience ) with a powerful and memorable ending . Mel Gibson , strikingly handsome , also gives a striking performance . ( )
486440	386241	417248	6.0	Gail Kim , where are you ?	Your opinion about this PPV will largely depend on your opinion about the Shawn Michaels vs . Triple H match , since it takes up almost a third ( ! ) of the total running time . Seven matches are presented : 1 ) La Resistance vs . Edge and Chris Benoit ( for the tag-team title ) . A regular tag-team match , Edge gets it most of the time , Benoit comes to his rescue . . . and then Kane enters the scene and attacks them both , interrupting the match . No ending , thus no rating . 2 ) Chris Jericho vs . Tyson Tomko ( with Trish Stratus ) . Mediocre match with a lame finish : Tomko has the advantage , but he accidentally runs into Trish and Jericho knocks him out with a kick . 3 ) Shelton Benjamin vs . Randy Orton ( for the intercontinental title ) . A very long match , incorporating many different styles of combat ( ground wrestling , acrobatic moves , even boxing ) . Some crucial interferences by Ric Flair ( what a surprise ! ) . ) Trish Stratus vs . Gail Kim vs . Victoria vs . Lita ( for the women's title ) . The " sudden death , fatal 4-way " concept doesn't work . Each woman gets only one or two opportunities to shine , and the action is hard-to-follow . Gail Kim , in particular , deserved better ( by the way , they had a woman who looks AND wrestles like that and they let her go ? What were they thinking ? ) . 5 ) Eugene vs . Jonathan Coachman . I expected this to be garbage , and I was right . A disgrace . ) Chris Benoit vs . Kane ( for the heavyweight title ) . I agree that THIS should have been the main event . Kane is awesome here ; he's like a comic-book creation . The match is pretty slow , but the sheer physical power ( Kane ) and technique ( Benoit ) on display make it worth your while . 7 ) Triple H vs . Shawn Michaels . " Hell in a cell " match . This one is a matter of taste . If you like them bloody , brutal and exhausting , you'll have a field day . If not , you'll probably find it ( after a while ) boring and interminable ( it goes on for almost 50 minutes ! ) .
486881	386241	109950	6.0	Slightly above-average Cynthia Rothrock vehicle	" Guardian Angel " could possibly be the best of Cynthia Rothrock's early 90's low-budget American martial arts flicks , IF the whole movie was as good as its first half hour : during that time we get some dynamic fights , gunplay , a car chase , two car crashes , bad girls with guns , a tight plot , etc . But after Cynthia quits the police force and becomes a bodyguard , the film becomes repetitive and starts to drag . The absolutely gorgeous Lydie Denier ( who really caught my eye in a couple of " Acapulco H . E . A . T " episodes I happened to watch ) playing a truly evil bich is a definite plus , but the lack of a proper showdown between her and Rothrock is a disappointment . The climax is a relatively large-scale speedboats-and-helicopter chase , but most of it appears to have been done by stunt doubles and is not very exciting . ( )
486624	386241	71610	6.0	" Well you must have upset someone , or else I wouldn't be here "	Yvette Mimieux looks gorgeous and gives a fine , understated performance as a contract killer who methodically seduces her targets , waits until they have let their guard down , and then strikes - lethally . But problems arise when she decides that she wants to quit the business . What I particularly liked about Yvette's performance here is that she presents the character and lets the viewer decide how he or she should feel about her . She doesn't force-feed you the answers , and neither does the movie . It proceeds economically from scene to scene , telling a seemingly simple story , but the unexpected twist at the end of it has real impact . Be warned : it's not an action movie ( though there is one car chase ) , it's more of a character drama . ( )
486368	386241	90563	6.0	Artistically well-made but empty film .	Is " Betty Blue " as great a movie as most people seem to believe ? Well . . . it's amusing at times , erotic at others , but overall the story it tells is so insubstantial that you wonder what exactly compelled Beineix to tell it . The shorter ( 120 minutes ) version also has some huge narrative gaps - but I won't be searching for the three-hour version anytime soon , the movie is already too long as it is . The actors , however , are perfectly cast : Anglade is engaging as the constantly befuddled by Betty's personality hero , and Dalle , while not beautiful in a conventional sense , has a luscious body and sure isn't timid about showing it off ( neither is Anglade , for that matter ) . ( )
487126	386241	232083	6.0	Lethargic Chabrol " thriller " ( SPOILERS ) .	Any rating higher than 2-2 . for " Merci pour le chocolat " is sheer critical prejudice in favor of French cinema in general . This dull thriller is subtle to the point of lethargy , relentlessly talky and lacks credibility ( at the end Mouglalis agrees to drive Huppert's car , at night , on a twisty mountain road , even though she practically knows that she has just been poisoned with sleeping pills ! ) . At least piano-music aficionados will get an earful . . .
486323	386241	106434	6.0	Another fairly good low-budget martial arts film from Wilson	The fifth " Bloodfist " entry , and the second one I've watched so far ( after part " IV " ) . Playing an amnesiac is something of an " acting stretch " for Don " The Dragon " Wilson , but he admittedly does a pretty solid job in the role . He also receives good support from Steve James , Denice Duff and Michael Yama . The plot is interesting , it never stops moving and has lots of twists and turns , and the fight scenes are good , filmed in the same close-quarters , hard-hitting style of the previous " Bloodfist " entry , a style that is refreshing to see every once in a while . Of course , you shouldn't get your hopes up too high : this is only a very low-budget martial arts film , after all . But within its field , it's certainly better than you'd expect . ( )
485796	386241	131349	6.0	One-set thriller is pretty effective .	" Darkness Falls " is not the kind of movie that becomes a box-office hit , but if you're patient and give it some time , it may prove to be engrossing enough . The director does a moderately effective job of constantly twisting around our sympathies regarding the three main characters , and of showing how appearances can be deceiving and how a human monster may be hiding behind the facade of normalcy . Kudos , too , to Sherilyn Fenn , who in addition to being perhaps one of the three or four more stunningly beautiful actresses working today , shows that she has also worked on her acting , which has improved considerably . ( )
486353	386241	64382	6.0	Bad songs , good film .	As a drama , this is absorbing and often powerful ; an example of good storytelling . But as a musical it doesn't fare that well , because it's plagued by some lame , inane songs . Maybe the songs should have been omitted and the story would have worked better if it had been approached as a straightforward drama . But despite my complaints , I have to recommend the film because Peter O'Toole's superlative performance is truly a sight to see . He takes a rather stereotypical role ( the clumsy intellectual ) , and makes it moving and intense . Perhaps he should have won the Oscar that year . ( )
486284	386241	94383	6.0	Mildly entertaining horror pic .	" Zombie High " begins badly and the first half is kind of dull . But I was surprised to discover that it actually improves as it goes along , turning into a mildly entertaining little thriller . Its premise may be goofy , and it does require some suspension of disbelief , but so does the premise of the " Invasion of the Body Snatchers " films , which share some common ideas with this one . The female cast is attractive , and Madsen's performance is way above average for this genre . Add a genuinely mad , determined villain and you have a more-than-passable film .
486554	386241	102067	6.0	Continues the upward course of the series ( after the good " V " )	A werewolf movie with an unconventional angle : you actually want the werewolf to prevail in this one . It has an air of mystery and at times it's very compelling , but the climactic " battle of the beasts " is kind of silly . Still , it's miles ahead of Parts " II " , " III " and " IV " . ( )
487148	386241	117342	6.0	Too many holes , but still a fair film .	Okay , the premise and story ARE cliched . But the film is executed with a far greater degree of skill than you'd expect from the director of such undistinguished ( if not downright bad ) films as " Night of the Demons " . His direction here is more mature and measured ( though not without its effective " Boo ! " moments ) . However , the film suffers from one of those annoyingly ambiguous endings , where the filmmakers can't think of a way to cover up their plot holes , so they " leave you to decide " . ( )
487541	386241	36004	6.0	Too slapstick-orientated	Bud and Lou walk into an apparently empty bank : B : " Teller ! " L : " I'll tell her , where is she ? " B : " Where is who ? I said teller " L : " Tell her what ? " B : " Tell her nothing . I want a teller " L : " Go ahead and tell her , I don't care ! " B : " No , teller in the bank " L : " Tell her in the bank , tell her on the street , tell her anywhere you want , I won't listen " " Hit the Ice " has some very funny verbal exchanges ( the aforementioned " teller " routine had me in tears , followed by the " pack the grip " - " unpack the grip " one ) , and also some absurdist moments ( check out the way they enter the mountain cabin ) . Less successful are Lou's pratfalls in the skating ring ( seeing him fall flat on his face is not so funny after the 10th time it happens ) , and the climactic ski chase suffers from the obviousness of the rear projection . Kids will probably enjoy the slapstick parts more , but I imagine that most adults will prefer the verbal humor . Ginny Simms ' songs are forgettable and time-wasting , but at least we get to look at her - she was a remarkably beautiful woman . ( )
487254	386241	94320	6.0	A triumph of style over substance .	What we have here is a clear case of a movie that tries to get by on sheer style , without any particular concern for the story or the characters . There are many interesting directorial touches and a unique atmosphere , but the film suffers from a weak script , and from overlength . Strictly for fans of the offbeat . ( )
486655	386241	75140	6.0	Twisty .	A very obscure thriller - both in the sense that it's very hard to find ( I actually saw what seemed to be the imported British version , under the title " Deception " ; the print was in terrible condition ) , and also in the sense that it has a very murky structure and characters with motivations that are pretty hard to understand , unless perhaps you've read the book . Some good twists and interesting performances ( especially by Robert Shaw as the politically powerful villain ) . . . . but hold off watching it until you come across a decent print . ( )
486146	386241	117427	6.0	Predictable but harmless .	This movie is utterly , drearily predictable , but it's pretty harmless as well . You've seen this story many times before , and seeing it once more won't hurt , since it's reasonably well-told here . The enthusiastic cast helps a lot , and Halle Berry . . . . . well , let's just say that she's a feast for the eyes . ( )
486394	386241	67568	6.0	Has its ups and downs . . . .	For a movie centering around the world's first successful penis transplant , " Percy " turns out to be considerably less raunchy than one might expect ; in fact , it's downright melancholy at times . The hero spends half the movie trying to discover the identity of the ( deceased ) donor of his new " member " , and the other half meeting the donor's past conquests ; in the end he realizes that going to bed with a woman only gives him pleasure when he really cares about her . The film is meandering and short on big laughs , but Hywel Bennett gives a likable , low-key performance , as do most of the women , who are quite lovely to boot ( be aware , however , that the biggest names , Elke Sommer and Britt Ekland , appear only for a couple of minutes each ) . So " Percy " does not rise to any great heights ( ha ! ) , but it is not completely limp either ( ha ! ) ( )
485866	386241	75161	6.0	Film loses its grace at the end .	It's a compelling , morbid film most of the time - but what's up with the ending ? It builds up ( competently and suspensefully ) to a situation that can easily be guessed right from the beginning , and then . . . . it just stops , as if being afraid of going " too far " . Perhaps the novel ends the same way , but in this movie it doesn't work - it renders the whole film pointless . The hyped-up erotic scenes are brief and too darkly photographed , but the performances are right on target . ( )
487212	386241	113939	6.0	Good acting and directing , very bad script ( vague spoilers )	" Nature of the Beast " is a well-crafted thriller , with excellent chemistry between Eric Roberts and Lance Henriksen ( two actors who have often wasted their time on worthless direct-to-video movies ) . However , the " twist " at the end is predictable ( generally , when a thriller tries its darnedest to convince you that " something " is true , nine the " opposite " is true ) and moronic ( just think about the specifics of the murder of the waitress , and it all falls apart ) . Ultimately , it's a movie for those who don't like to think too hard about movies . ( )
486072	386241	60120	6.0	Slow Western for patient viewers	This ritualistic Western must be one of Marlon Brando's least-seen films , and no wonder . The plain story moves very slowly , and Brando himself never fully slips into his role ( and the Western environment ) . The film's few highlights include a tense armwrestling match , in which the defeated man will be stung by a deadly scorpion , and the final showdown between Brando and John Saxon ( who's quite good ) . ( )
486333	386241	82700	6.0	Adequate but overrated shocker . ( SPOILERS ) .	As another person has already said , perhaps it is inevitable , for a movie that has received so much acclaim from gorehounds and has been billed as " the most violent movie ever made " , not to be able to live up to the hype , and " Ferox " isn't the exception to the rule . The special effects are occasionally superb ( examples : the breast-piercing and the scalping scenes ) , but at other times they leave a lot to be desired ( the castration scene is actually a split-second shot ; a gutting looks fake ; and notice , later on , that we never get a clear full-size view of Mike after his hand has been chopped off ) . As for the notorious " real animal killing " , you've been probably seen similar stuff in nature documentaries - the one exception is the dismemberment of a giant turtle , that may well be the hardest-to-watch scene in the entire film . Overall , this film may be too extreme for mainstream audiences , but it's not nearly as sick or gruesome as , say , " Hellraiser 2 " ( don't believe me ? Just watch them back-to-back , both of them uncut , of course ) . Violence and gore aside , this is actually a technically well-made film , nicely filmed on location , and stays at least mildly interesting throughout , with some unexpectedly compelling sequences along the way ( especially the long flashback sequence - it was masterful ) . The acting is acceptable by gore-movie standards , the dubbing is OK and the N . Y scenes , although very unnecessary , are at least filmed with some polish also . Overall , " Ferox " is a movie that probably no horror fan will have serious trouble sitting through , just don't expect it to be an all-out assault on your senses , because - for better of for worse - it isn't . ( )
486481	386241	64505	6.0	Enjoyable , but a bit overrated .	" The Italian Job " is an enjoyable caper film with fast pacing ( there are almost no dead spots ) , good car stunts , OK performances and a unique , hard-to-forget ending . But many of the scenes involving Noel Coward supposedly planning the whole " job " from inside the jail are laughable ( they're just too far-fetched to be accepted as satire of any kind ) and the chase goes on perhaps a bit too long . Still , the film is much better than " Dollars " or " How to Steal a Million " . ( )
485838	386241	51411	6.0	It's a long country . . . .	Forget " big " ; this film is gargantuan in scale , ambitions and length . Impressively photographed , and with some very effective moments ( both dramatic and humorous ) , but too often plodding . Gregory Peck is an one-note Mr . Right , but he provides a strong presence that holds the movie together , and Carroll Baker provides the eye candy . The other performers are also good , although Charlton Heston is not well suited to the rather unpleasant character he plays . ( )
487215	386241	109665	6.0	Great-looking stars in a thoroughly predictable film .	Another one of those " if you've seen the video cover , you've seen the movie " thrillers . Quite honestly , I can't understand where some people saw the " twists " here ; " Dream Lover " is as predictable as yesterday's news and as obvious as its overwrought dream scenes . Essentially this is nothing more than a more expensive , better acted and directed version of those Shannon Tweed / Andrew Stevens straight-to-video soft-core thrillers . But Spader and Amick do make an attractive couple , and there are some genuinely erotic moments in the early parts of the film , so as long as you know why you're watching the film ( it's certainly not for the " twists " ) , you'll probably be satisfied . ( )
487278	386241	114014	6.0	Disjointed mess almost rescued by climactic fight sequences	When a movie pairs up the beautiful and graceful Cynthia Khan with the athletic and charismatic Yuen Biao , you expect something better than what " Tough Beauty and the Sloppy Slop " turns out to be . This movie is a frantic , disjointed mess , way over-the-top for a " modern " action flick ( people jump off tall buildings , get thrown 30 feet away and sometimes even float in the air ) . What's worse , the subtitles are not only grammatically awful but also often unreadable ( against white backgrounds ) , which makes the viewing experience painful . Thankfully , we at least get an action-packed climax , with some very entertaining fight sequences which FINALLY remind us what made HK cinema so popular in the first place . The last 15 minutes almost make up for the rest of the movie . ( )
486233	386241	71330	6.0	Slick , violent tale .	After being taken as a hostage and beaten by three vicious bank robbers , an " average guy " ( Franco Nero ) becomes outraged by the refusal of the police to take drastic action and decides to go on a personal war against the underworld . The script of this slick-looking , violent tale is standard crime-movie stuff , but director Castellari manages to put in some stylish shots and to stage a gripping final shootout . It's almost as if you're watching a spaghetti crime thriller . ( )
486720	386241	82782	6.0	A competent but unexceptional slasher .	This is a competently made slasher film , featuring acceptable acting and a tense final showdown between the killer and the remaining survivors . But it's terribly routine ! Very reminiscent of " Halloween " and " The Prowler " , and most of the killings occur offscreen . In fact , the only novelty here may be that the victims are not teenagers ; they're pushing 30 ! ( )
486922	386241	101831	6.0	Routine . . . . until the exciting climax .	A peculiar story of a woman scientist trying to track down ( with the help of a tough army colonel ) a female robot with nuclear powers , who not only looks like her but also shares her thoughts and memories . The gimmick is that the robot has no inhibitions , and acts out the woman's darkest sexual and violent fantasies , until " it " gets completely out of control . The story provides plenty of opportunities for male-bashing ( it seems that almost every man that the robot meets is a chauvinistic pig ) , and the film doesn't miss any of them . But if you're patient , you'll be rewarded ; the climactic sequence in the New York subway is excitingly staged and delivers the goods . And Renee Soutendijk is utterly convincing in both her roles . ( )
486895	386241	90849	6.0	Funny - Sexy - Gory	Funny : The comedy is wittier than you'd expect . Along with the obvious gross gags , there are some deadpan character reactions that made me laugh , like when some of the men checking the plant for radioactivity were dropping like flies and their colleagues , who were standing right beside them , didn't seem to notice or care . Also , you learn a useful lesson here : when you find a barrel full of green slime that smells bad and makes weird noises , DON'T stick your hand into it ! Sexy : The heroine is cute , but the two ( or were there three ? ) bad girls are from another planet ! Gory : Considering the budget they probably had to work with , the gore effects are ingenious . The mutations , mutilations and monsters all look good . I've not seen enough Troma films to compare this with , but it's fun for at least one viewing . ( )
487493	386241	75290	6.0	" But how can they survive ? There is nothing on the plane for them to eat ! "	The highest compliment one can pay to this movie is that it's no better or worse than the 1993 version of the same story ( " Alive " ) , despite its having been produced on a much lower budget , with more primitive special effects . The problem is that if you're familiar with the story , there are no surprises left ; you're simply waiting for the inevitable . It must be noted , however , that the " gore " factor has been considerably hyped up : the scenes that are " not for the squeamish " amount to a total of two . ( )
485602	386241	120841	6.0	Enjoyable trash .	The people who are stating that this movie is the worst sequel they've ever seen obviously never saw " Hercules II " or " Jaws 3-D " or " Hellraiser II " . Now , I am not about to tell you that this is a great film , but if you set your expectations low , you are likely to have fun . Despite the icky ( and variable in quality , though impressive in the last 10 minutes ) special effects and the large amounts of blood and t & a , the film never becomes truly disturbing , because you're never meant to take it 100 % seriously . Michael Madsen understood that , to be sure , and thanks to his trademarked coolness , he walks away with the picture . As for Natasha Henstridge , she has more or less a supporting part , but one that is rather imaginatively linked to the central story line . Overall , a movie with no artistic pretensions and , undoubtedly , many flaws ( someone else already mentioned this ; why didn't her head explode when she escaped from the lab ? ) , but watch it in the right frame of mind and it's quite enjoyable . Do you know any other movie that features sex between slimy aliens ? ! ? ( )
486185	386241	114376	6.0	The definition of the word " average " .	" The Secretary " is one of the many " The Hand That Rocks The Cradle " - inspired thrillers that were made in the early 90's . It is a totally routine , paint-by-numbers movie . And yet , it's made with a certain workmanlike competence . The director knew , of course , that he was making a forgettable film , but he showed some respect for the audience , to the degree of at least delivering something watchable . Not worth renting , but seeing it for free , if you happen to catch it on TV , won't hurt . ( )
486412	386241	59674	6.0	Absorbing .	The story may be banal , and the dialogue may often seem too studied and affected . But this glossy MGM production still offers some of the pleasures of the " old-fashioned " , straightforward moviemaking : first-rate performances by the three leads , good narration , gorgeous cinematography and a refreshingly unhurried pacing . ( )
487460	386241	75347	6.0	Leisurely paced , but agreeable .	A prettily photographed , occasionally enjoyable but rather leisurely paced Disney adventure . It features an amusing Peter Ustinov ( as a good-hearted quack ) , some pretty good special effects ( except for a mosquito attack , which looks awful ) and a few unusually adult elements ( one character is nearly executed by the Ku Klux Klan ) . The two leading kids are not irritating at all , and the film is agreeable enough , but too long and not very compelling story-wise . ( )
486399	386241	381061	6.0	Can a movie be overrated and underrated at the same time ?	Probably the most controversial Bond film to date ( along with " On Her Majesty's Secret Service " , with which it shares a lot of similarities ) , " Casino Royale " has been described as anything from " the best Bond movie ever " to " the worst Bond movie ever " . After watching it twice , now that the hype has died down a little , I would call it simply an above-average Bond film , give it a , and rank it somewhere alongside " The Living Daylights " and " The World Is Not Enough " . One of the problems with CR is that it doesn't seem 100 % sure of the type of Bond audience it's going for : those who want the class and intelligence of films like " From Russia With Love " and " Goldfinger " , or those who prefer the Rambo Bond mentality of films like " License To Kill " and " Tomorrow Never Dies " ? It ends up going for both , and at times you feel as if you're watching 2 or 3 different films : for example , the expressionistic Black & White prologue that recalls the style of classic film noirs is soon followed by a laughably excessive foot chase sequence ( " Someone is chasing me . I know , I'll climb up a crane so we can fight there , that seems to be a good idea ! " ) that seems to exist only for " wow " purposes . The movie dares , to its credit , to spend a lot of time around a poker table , where all the action occurs in looks , words and gestures , but not before another extraneous and over-the-top chase / fight scene at an airport . The production values are very high and the international locations are often breathtaking , but some of the dialogue is unbelievably corny ( Le Chiffre's " I see you take good care of your body " to Bond is the most homoerotic line in the series since Mr . Wint's " She's very attractive . . . . for a woman " in " Diamonds Are Forever " ) . Leaving aside my pro-Brosnan prejudices , I must say Daniel Craig surpassed my expectations as the new 007 . He brings a harshness to the role that is comparable to Timothy Dalton's , except he has more style than him and is better at the playful banter . However , in his second film he will have to play a more suave and experienced Bond , and it remains to be seen how he'll pull it off . Eva Green is fine ( and prettier without makeup ) , but the woman that caught my eye more was Ivana Milicevic , as the villain's girlfriend , who has one of the sexiest backsides I've ever seen . Sadly , her role is small and mostly silent . As Le Chiffre , Mads Mikkelsen is IMO one of the weak spots of the movie . He is more of a poser than a threat , and the fact that we see him getting bullied by other characters in the film doesn't help any . Jesper Christensen , although he doesn't appear in more than 3 scenes , creates a more interesting villainous presence as the mysterious Mr . White . Judi Dench as M is a plus , but there are no other memorable minor characters , unlike , say , " Goldeneye " , where you also had Xenia , Zukovsky , Boris , Orumov , Q , etc . My conclusion , based on the length ( 140 minutes ) , the way Craig plays Bond and the plot turns in the last 30 minutes of the film , is that CR could be described as a better-made modern version of OHMSS . It presents things that some people never want to see in a Bond movie ( Bond falling in love , quitting the service , a downbeat ending , etc . ) while others like them so much that they proclaim the film a masterpiece . In a series as long as this one ( 21 official films and counting , plus " Never Say Never Again " ) , preferences are always going to be even more subjective than usual . But if you rank OHMSS among the top Bond films ( personally I don't ) , then you'll probably do the same with this one .
487011	386241	156729	6.0	A disappointment .	Don McKellar tackles an unimaginably difficult and thought-provoking subject matter here - too bad this shallow , sombre and often dull film doesn't do it justice . It does have some funny and poignant moments ( as well as some that are both funny and poignant at the same time - a man says to his friend " See you later " and the other guy responds " No you won't " ) , but ultimately there are no real revelations , nothing you couldn't come up with yourself , without seeing the movie . When the highest compliment that people pay to a movie in the vast majority of the reviews here is " There are no special effects " , you know you're in trouble . ( )
487277	386241	90681	6.0	A mixed bag	" Operation Pink Squad " is a strange HK mix of action , drama and lowbrow comedy . The cover features four girls , and the Pink Squad IS made of four girls , but two of them aren't really important and are soon forgotten . The main leads are Anne Bridgewater and Sandra Ng . Anne has the lion's share of the action - the film begins with an incredible fight scene ( her vs . Jeffrey Falcon ) , but sadly she has only two more fights after that : the one has no proper ending and the other is too silly ( she is disguised as a clown ) . Sandra is in charge of the comic and dramatic elements , and she handles them well , in fact she is the main reason they work at all . Overall , the film is a mixed bag , and probably works better if you know that you should not expect a lot of action . ( )
487567	386241	90659	6.0	OK action thriller .	" Armed Response " is one of Fred Olen Ray's earliest directorial efforts , and it also less schlocky than some of his other ones , closer to an actual legitimate action film ( it's hard to believe he would make a film as unbelievably bad as " Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers " only two years later ) . It has a fairly complicated plot , which would be hard to summarize in a single paragraph , and a cast that's a B-movie fan's dream ( where else could you find Lee Van Cleef and Michael Berryman together ? ) , though it must be noted that David Carradine is particularly awful in this movie . ( )
486840	386241	81989	6.0	Interesting .	I stumbled upon this little-known movie by accident . It's a confusing at times , but still fairly interesting " political paranoia " thriller . Unfortunately , both the video box summary and most of the other reviews pretty much give away the entire plot , so don't expect anything terribly surprising . And Robert Mitchum's performance in this one was disappointing , considering his juicy role . Still , it WAS a rare find . . . . ( )
486278	386241	59800	6.0	The quintessential Bond movie in some aspects . . . . but still flawed	In some ways , " Thunderball " is one of the best Bond films ever made : the title song , the entire music score and the photography are first-rate , the dialogue has a lot of wit ( " Don't worry , I'll call the chef ! " ) , Connery gives perhaps his most confident and charismatic performance as 007 , the good girl Claudine Auger is , like the other French Bond girls Carole Bouquet and Sophie Marceau , gorgeous , and the evil girl Luciana Paluzzi is delicious ( " But I may not be in the mood later " , a man tells her . " You wanna bet ? " , she replies ) . On the other hand , Adolfo Celi is not one of the most memorable Bond villains - he can be cruel and he can be suave , but that's about it . His henchmen are no Oddjobs either ( in fact , Luciana is the most interesting villainous presence in the movie , along with Blofeld , whose voice we hear but whose face we do not see ) . But the biggest problem with " Thunderball " are its long , tedious and chaotic underwater scenes . The film on the whole lacks the tight , economic structure of " Goldfinger " - it was the first Bond movie to run over 2 hours , beginning a trend that was followed by almost all of the series entries that came after it , usually not to their benefit . ( )
486226	386241	63636	6.0	Twisty yarn .	Near the beginning of this film , there is a fistfight , but it's not exciting because we don't know why the two men are fighting . A little later , there is a car chase , but it's not exciting either , because we don't know who's chasing whom or why . Later still , we find out the answers to those questions , but two potentially good action scenes have been wasted . And then the movie turns into a standard heist flick . . . . thankfully only for a while . The focus here is not on the actual heist , but more on the aftermath . And it's there that the movie finally goes in unexpected directions . There is , for example , the bizarre scene in which a man gets off on shooting someone with a machine-gun . There is the memorable image of a white sheet that gradually " absorbs " the blood of the body that's underneath it , and red spots start appearing on it . And there some neat plot twists along the way , mostly involving a character ( I won't say which ) that enters the picture when you least expect him to . If the whole movie was as good as its final 30 minutes , I'd give it one more star , but for now this gets a rating .
485935	386241	90655	6.0	Classy but bland horror fare .	Well , it does have more class and wit than you normally expect to find in the typical slasher movie . But let's not get carried away here . . . it's still just a reworking of a very familiar formula . Actually , it's mostly the generally likable cast that keeps this one ( slightly ) above average . ( )
486328	386241	430750	6.0	An almost total rip-off , redeemed by the main event	1 ) Tyson Tomko and Christian vs . Eugene and William Regal ( for the tag team title , if you can believe that ! ) . Not as pathetic as I expected , though what really makes it interesting is that it's one of those rare matches where everything doesn't go as planned : Eugene hurts his knee for real , Regal's nose bleeds for real , and Tomko is " pinned " even though his right shoulder is several inches above the canvas . 2 ) Lita vs . Trish ( for the women's title ) . The build-up to this match is great . The match itself is a sad disappointment . A disappointment , because it lasts only 2 minutes , as Lita gets injured after a risky stunt . And sad , because this injury was a serious setback to her career ; I don't think she has wrestled again to this day since that match . ( By the way , Lita is far from being the " sloppy btch " another reviewer insultingly called her . In fact , she can do some things in the ring that most men on the current roster can only dream of ) . 3 ) Shelton Benjamin vs . Maven ( for the intercontinental title ) . This match never really starts . Maven trash-talks to the audience and to Benjamin for about 5 minutes , and gets pinned by him in 2 seconds TWICE . Obviously this rates below zero as a wrestling match , but Maven IS pretty funny on the mic and the crowd obviously enjoyed it , so what can I say ? No rating . 4 ) Muhammad Hassan vs . Jerry ( not Springer , but . . . ) " The King " Lawler . Mind-numbingly bad . At one point , there are six identical body slams in a row ! I have only two questions : 1 ) Who is responsible for this garbage ? 2 ) What punishment is severe enough for him ? 05 ) Kane vs . Snitsky . As you'd expect from two big men , a rather plodding match , but this one has its moments , like Snitsky's bearhug ( I never thought I'd see someone try THAT on Kane ! ) and the double attempted chokeslams . However , the premise on which the match was based ( " it wasn't my fault " ) is utterly distasteful . 6 ) Elimination Chamber Match for the heavyweight title . Triple H vs . Batista vs . Randy Orton vs . Chris Benoit vs . Chris Jericho vs . Edge , with Shawn Michaels as the special guest referee ( I think he had more fans in the crowd that night than any of the participants ! ) . It would be very difficult for this match to fully live up to the huge hype before it , and the commentators ' overstating can get annoying at times . Nevertheless , it is by far the best match of the night , and considering its length it is relentlessly paced , with virtually no dead spots . Among the highlights : Benoit getting the crossface on Orton and HHH mocking Orton and supporting Benoit ( ! ) , HBK playing " Sweet Chin Music " on Edge ( the crowd goes wild after that one ! ) , HHH in double submission holds by Jericho AND Benoit , Batista throwing Jericho on one of the cameramen and later powerbombing him ( a very high-impact move ) . Can't say I liked the ending , though . This was the second time in a row ( after " Unforgiven 2004 " ) that HHH defeated Orton with interference from ( an eliminated ) Batista and Ric Flair .
486833	386241	66907	6.0	Pre - " Death Wish " in the West .	Familiar Western with a noble anti-racist message , delivered with sledgehammer subtlety ( in the very first scene , Bronson , a half-breed Indian , is called a " red-skinned nigger " by an ignorant redneck ) . Charlie looks positively great in this one , but ( excluding his untranslated Indian dialogue ) utters exactly SIX words in the entire film . Jack Palance is good as the level-headed leader of the posse that hunts him down . By the way , the film runs 100 minutes , not 110 as listed in most places . ( )
486281	386241	101591	6.0	Surreal sequel is uneven but crazy fun	If the original " Class of Nuke'Em High " was a mix of horror and comedy , this sequel is a straight-up parody that abandons all groundings in reality ( the college operates INSIDE the nuclear power plant , and the students are regularly tested for radiation and often have to wear gas masks ) and should be taken about as seriously as " Hot Shots , Part Deux " . It's sometimes funny , sometimes not , but what I appreciated about it is that , although it rubs its bad taste in your face , it does it in a goofy and essentially good-natured way . I did think that the male leading role should have been played by an actor who looked more like a nerd and less like a jock , but that's a minor complaint . Jam-packed with hot women , great ( or at least greatly creative ) special effects , slime , destruction of property , and inside Troma references , " Subhumanoid Meltdown " is recommended for those who like their comedies unafraid to go over ( and I do mean over ) the edge . ( )
487343	386241	66924	6.0	Sometimes jerky but enjoyable giallo .	Filmed mostly in Greece , this is a flawed but enjoyable giallo . The editing is incredibly jerky at times , the gore effects are unconvincing ( the blood looks like red paint ) and the solution , while fairly unexpected , is not the most original you're ever likely to come across . But the smooth George Hilton and the voluptuous Anita Strindberg ( she could have easily been one of the best Bond girls ) make an attractive couple , the story dares to break some conventions ( the first slashing comes when you least expect it ) and mystery fans should generally be pleased . ( )
487294	386241	91083	6.0	Rather entertaining . . . .	Entertaining horror film with some imaginative ideas and concepts , but ultimately it's more a showcase for gruesome special effects than anything else . The effects themselves are good , though not up to par with those of " The Thing " ( 1982 ) or " The Fly " ( 1986 ) . Still , Barbara Crampton in leather is a sight to behold ! This is not recommended for mainstream audiences , but as a straightforward gore flick it's above average . ( )
487225	386241	51732	6.0	Lumbering .	A lumbering , exceedingly slow psychological drama . It contains many intriguing elements and characters , and Jean Simmons ' performance as the slightly neurotic heroine is courageous ; she isn't afraid to appear less attractive than usual . But the pace is so slow that the film becomes heavy-going at times .
485615	386241	94963	6.0	Passably mediocre .	The fourth and last sequel to " Dirty Harry " offers more of the same , but at least it's a definite improvement over the repellent " Sudden Impact " . Eastwood once again demonstrates his acting flair and he manages to transform the poor material into a slick and often entertaining movie . It's action-packed and it has some quotable dialogue ( watch for the scene where Harry is " reading " a fortune cookie ) , but the story is slim and predictable , and the villain comes across as a complete caricature .
487502	386241	59496	6.0	Intriguing but lumbering .	The first half of " The Nanny " has an intriguing air of ambiguity : we have a smooth-talking nanny who may be a nut and a spoiled , rude little boy who may be acting this way simply because he feels trapped and scared . Who is guilty and who is innocent ? Unfortunately , we learn the answer to that question too early , and after that the movie gets increasingly predictable . The performances are excellent ( the actor who plays the kid steals the show ) , but the film suffers from lumbering pacing .
487202	386241	101625	6.0	Pleasant , forgettable entertainment .	THE GOOD : Sean Young ( unusually lively and appealing ) , Giancarlo Giannini ( who gives class to the film by his mere presence ) , some moments of James Belushi . THE BAD : John Candy ( grating , with barely even one funny line ) and George Hamilton ( his aging gigolo is an even more aging stereotype ) . The others fall somewhere in between . All in all , this film is pleasant entertainment for 90 minutes , although for a film billed as a " mystery-comedy " , the mystery part is largely secondary . ( )
487402	386241	56127	6.0	This one calls for a remake .	As other reviewers have noted , what we have here is a great basic concept ( and to think that the film predates " Solaris " by more than ten years ! ) , trapped in a grade-Z production ( appalling color-processing , cheap special effects , overuse of stock footage , etc . ) . The film would still make a pretty good " Twilight Zone " episode , but a well-made remake would be most welcome . ( )
486177	386241	311999	6.0	Average	1 ) T & A vs . Edge and Christian vs . The Dudley Boyz . Three-team elimination tables match . Nothing special , just chaotic . 2 ) Ivory vs . Lita ( women's title ) . Very short and rather poor match , but I can't rate any Lita match lower than ( even though she only gets to do about 3 moves here ) . 3 ) Perry Saturn vs . Steve Blackman ( hardcore title ) . Both men seem capable of wrestling , too bad it's a hardcore match and they don't get to do too much of that . And even if you like this type of match , this one has no blood . ) Crash Holly vs . William Regal ( European title ) . A decent amount of technique on display here , plus a nice missile dropkick by Molly Holly at the end . 5 ) Eddie Guerrero and Dean Malenko vs . Chyna and Billy Gunn . A formulaic tag-team match , with one exception : the awesome Chyna , giving and taking a beating like no other woman could . ) Kane vs Chris Jericho . A pretty good big vs . small , power vs . speed match . ) The Hardy Boyz vs . Right To Censor ( tag team titles ) . Wait , aren't there a few too many tag team matches in this PPV ? But this one at least has some exciting , fast-paced offense by the Hardyz . 8 ) Chris Benoit vs . The Undertaker . The best match of the night . Before it starts , the Radicalz attack the Undertaker and hurt his left leg , and Benoit spends most of the match focusing on that leg , while Taker focuses on Benoit's lower back . The ending is sudden and surprising . 9 ) Fatal 4-way for the WWE title . Kurt Angle vs . The Rock vs . Stone Cold Steve Austin vs . Rikishi . Not much wrestling here , mostly just brawling , but fairly entertaining . It would have been better without so many outside interferences , and without that fat slob Rikishi . As you can see , this PPV has 9 matches and none of them are bad , but there are no must-see classics either .
487038	386241	59399	6.0	Mediocre but worth watching .	This film is certainly overlong , the narrative tends to meander and O'Toole's overly earnest performance becomes monotonous after a while . But it still includes bits of excellent dialogue , Eli Wallach and James Mason give smashing performances and , near the end , some philosophical depth is actually achieved . Overall , not a very successful picture , but one with enough redeeming qualities to be worth watching at least once .
485996	386241	79428	6.0	A perfectly acceptable - if pointless - remake	There was no need for this movie to be made ( but that is true for most remakes ) . The original is a classic and generally considered the best of Hitchcock's early British films . But if you forget about the comparisons and let this remake stand on its own , it's actually pretty decent : good-looking , beautifully scored , and well-cast , even in the secondary roles . The two leads are likably goofy ( they do bring a 70's flavor to these 30's characters , which may or may not be to your taste ) , and male viewers will be glad to know that Cybill Shepherd spends the entire running time wearing a white dress that reveals her sexy back , arms and shoulders . If I can point one flaw in this movie , it's that the script doesn't build enough ambiguity - even people who don't know the story won't think for a moment that it could all be " in Cybill's head " . But it's clear that the intention here was to create a light comedy-mystery , not a suspense classic . ( )
486224	386241	70679	6.0	This one earns its " R " rating .	Perhaps the most entertaining of the three " Shaft " films , but be warned : it's incredibly violent ! ( Shaft snaps necks , elbows , runs over people with his car , you name it ) . It's also more sexually provocative than any other mainstream release of the 70s I can think of . In other words , this is the first and only " Shaft " movie that lives up to its reputation in terms of violence and nudity . Whether or not this is a recommendation is up to you to decide . ( )
486953	386241	82406	6.0	A beautifully made but predictable film .	A beautifully animated cartoon , with loving attention to detail and bright , pleasing colors . . . . but the story is overly predictable . Kids will probably like this , and adults will have a passable time , but don't expect anything in the realm of " Alladin " . . . ( )
486274	386241	426535	6.0	Solid , if unremarkable , murder mystery	Not a movie that will go down in history , but if you're looking for something to keep you interested for 90 minutes , you could do a lot worse than watching " Murder at the Presidio " . It's a murder mystery set at a military base , and even though the script ( based on a true story ) gets too soap-opera-ish at times , the handling is solid in a somewhat old-fashioned way . Lou Diamond Phillips portrays the determination of his character to get to the truth convincingly ( when someone asks him " You'll find the murderers , right ? " and he responds " Yes . I will " , you believe him ) , and Victoria Pratt is fit , sweet , sexy and beautiful - very close to my perception of the ideal woman ( she may be somewhat miscast though - she looks too strong for what happens to her character at one point ) . The rest of the actors are mostly unknown , but they do the job . As does , in general , the film . Other reviewers have mentioned inaccuracies in the depiction of military life , but the majority of viewers will neither notice them , nor care . ( )
486788	386241	75683	6.0	Amusing , if insubstantial , French comedy	As he had already proved in other films , Jean Paul Belmondo is possibly the closest European equivalent to Jackie Chan in terms of the stunts and acrobatics he is willing to do ( another candidate : Terence Hill ) . In " L'Animal " he is in peak form and takes some life-threatening risks ( including standing on the top of a flying bi-plane ! ) , and , playing two different characters ( a stuntman , brave but with a knack for screwing things up , and a movie star , popular , spoiled and gay ) , he shows his comic talents as well . Raquel Welch does her share of physical stuff , and , needless to say , she is a total babe . This is not a great comedy by any means , and you'll find no substance whatsoever here , but it's still enjoyable enough , especially if you like the two leads . ( )
486204	386241	75704	6.0	Interesting but too slowly-paced .	An interesting but too slowly-paced metaphysical thriller . It has conviction and restraint ( both unusual for the genre ) but no real surprises . In fact , the script is mostly one-note . Hopkins is good , if not yet as expressive as he later became . Mason , as the mother , is excellent , but the little girl's performance is sometimes overdone .
485826	386241	105813	6.0	Overplotted but stylish .	This interesting cop thriller has a convoluted plot that gets a bit out of hand in the second half , with improbable , needless twists added only to provoke a surprised response on the audience's part ( consider , for example , Mickey Rourke's true identity ) , but it has been stylishly directed by Roger Donaldson ( who has already shown his competence with the first-rate " No Way Out " ) and acted with restraint by the three leads ; Rourke is particularly magnetic . Samuel Jackson also has an amusing supporting role . ( )
486636	386241	105811	6.0	Contrived but absorbing .	A pretty standard mystery thriller , but absorbing nonetheless . The sometimes impossibly contrived plot is chock-full of strange coincidences and red herrings , but the film is so competently and professionally made that you can ignore the script's weaknesses and enjoy the work of a director who seems to have a genuine feel for the genre . Most of the performances are also very good , giving weight to their roles and making the movie more respectable . ( )
486632	386241	94827	6.0	Standard , well-made thriller .	Reasonably entertaining thriller , which maintains an intriguingly ambiguous atmosphere for at least its first hour , when you don't know who might turn out to be a villain and how the two parallel plotlines are going to merge . The director also makes good use of the N . Y locations , but the story is filled with too many coincidences and improbabilities . An early showcase for the talent of Steve Buscemi . ( )
485932	386241	82243	6.0	Hypnotic .	Not quite the underrated masterpiece other people are talking about , I'm afraid . It begins well enough , with an atmospheric , out-of-this-world Tangerine Dream score and hypnotically slow direction , but the story tips its hand too early ; the basics ( if not the particulars ) of its plot become rather obvious to us well before they do to the characters . Still , this is above average for an early-80s horror film . ( )
486118	386241	90917	6.0	OK horror from Craven .	A few people have said that it's an undiscovered treasure , more people have stated that it's possibly Wes Craven's worst movie ( haven't they seen " Shocker " ? ) ; I simply found it to be an OK , average horror offering that merely helps you kill two hours . The first half plays almost like a well-observed drama , but after Swanson has been " resurrected " the film becomes just too silly to work . The " infamous " basketball scene , however , is undeniably great ; you'll have to rewind the tape multiple times to get the full effect of it ! ( )
487578	386241	70819	6.0	Entertaining , but very minor .	Sometimes funny , sometimes forced comedy . Segal's hugely entertaining performance helps this very minor film , and it is the real reason for you to see it . He seems to be having a great time , even after the script has run out of ideas .
485601	386241	114508	6.0	Kind of cool and pleasant . . . . .	" Species " has a hopelessly derivative premise that makes it a completely unnecessary view for anyone who has ever seen " Alien " or " The Predator " ( or their sequels ) , but it does have some things going for it . To be short and specific : Natasha Henstridge is dreamily , extraordinarily beautiful ; the rest of the cast is distinguished , with a very cool Michael Madsen stealing the show ; the special effects are convincingly yucky ; and the pacing is fast and unrelenting , with the " search-and-destroy " team being always only one step behind the pursued alien " monster " . A forgettable film , but not nearly as bad as many reviews have suggested . ( )
486293	386241	79593	6.0	It's good for what it is	To appreciate " Murder by Natural Causes " , first you have to accept its TV-movie limitations : few sets , few characters , pauses for commercial breaks , direction with no cinematic interest . The emphasis here is on the writing and the acting . The script has many clever ( but not phenomenal ) twists . The main plot device reminded me somewhat of Ira Levin's " Deathtrap " ( which was filmed three years later ) . The acting is top-of-the-line : the term " bad Hal Holbrook performance " hasn't been invented yet , as for Katharine Ross , judging from the three films I've seen her in ( " The Stepford Wives " , " The Swarm " , and this one ) , she must be one of the most underrated ( in beauty as well as talent ) actresses of the seventies . ( )
487028	386241	94761	6.0	Good fun .	I haven't seen the original " Blob " , but somehow I don't think it can compare with this entertaining 1988 remake . Above-average of its type , thanks to fun characters , terrific special effects and Chuck Russell's good directing ( he had already displayed his talent with " Nightmare On Elm Street 3 " , the best film of that series ) . It deserves a rating . There is just one problem : until the final 15 minutes , it has the basic structure of a slasher film , and the Blob seems to simply represent another version of " Friday the 13th " ' s Jason .
486308	386241	106819	6.0	Enjoyable , if uneven	" Enemy Gold " marks a turning point in Andy Sidaris ' filmography : his son Christian is sitting in the director's chair , and Dona Speir , Roberta Vasquez and Cynthia Brimhall are gone . The female lead this time is Suzi Simpson , and she is quite a find ( I wonder why Sidaris didn't use her again ) : she has a great body ( no matter what angle you look at it from ) , combined with a sweet , innocent face and a cute smile ; she is appealing in the same way that Hope Marie Carlton was , plus she fights a bit more than other Sidaris heroines . Tai Collins , as a higher-in-command agent , is another total knockout , and Julie Strain , as an assassin-for-hire , is like a mythological Amazon come to life . Looking at this woman is much better than listening to her - her delivery turns her character into camp . The pacing of the movie lags in the second half , and when it's all over you have the feeling ( as with other Sidaris movies ) that it could have been much better . But what is there on the screen is still enjoyable - some of the lines are funny and all of the women are sexy . ( )
487286	386241	75995	6.0	The story of a boy who prefers horses to Jenny Agutter ( if you can imagine that ! )	This movie is never boring , that must be said . Although it runs 138 minutes , it feels more like 98 . BUT . . . . its " message " is dubious at best ( there is a difference between non-conformity and sheer paranoia ; the boy's actions are never condemned , and almost justified by the movie ) and the " devices " used by Lumet to transfer the play to the screen ( like flashbacks with an older Firth playing the six-year-old Firth , or Burton's madman-like monologues ) create an extra feeling of artificiality . Also , it would help if we could study the gradual disintegration of the boy's mind , but there is no " gradual " - he is deranged from the start . ( )
485664	386241	85627	6.0	At least it's not unentertaining .	Entertainingly goofy science-fiction from Lucio Fulci . The story takes forever to get started , and the part of the film that may attract most viewers - the recreation of the gladiatorial battles of the ancient Rome - is too short . But , the effects are amusing , the sets almost psychedelic , and the decapitations plentiful ! This is a picture that I wouldn't care to see twice , but certainly one viewing is recommended . ( )
487166	386241	68281	6.0	Familiar but enjoyable .	Jim Brown , the personification of coolness , is the nightclub owner who decides to avenge his brother's murder and begins a war against the local Mafia . Familiar but enjoyable , thanks largely to Brown's presence , and to some dynamic action scenes . Two interesting things : the use of wide-angle lenses during a fight scene , and a strong supporting role for the actor who was memorable as one of the two homosexual goons in " Diamonds Are Forever " . ( )
486932	386241	80360	6.0	Outrageous !	Highly ambitious , pretentious horror film is packed with delirious , hallucinatory sequences that seem to try to take the viewer on an " acid trip " . Many memorable images , but the story is developed disappointingly and leads nowhere . The movie is definitely worth seeing ( at least twice ) , if only for its stunning effects , but don't expect to comprehend all the parts or to find much substance . All the actors deserve praise for their very good work here .
485834	386241	110675	6.0	By straight-to-video standards , this is above average .	Shannon Tweed's first attempt to change her image and become an action heroine is also one of her best films . To be more accurate , it's the best of the three or four films that I've seen her in so far . It's nothing more than a " Die Hard " clone , and Robert Davi is wasted , but the pacing never lags , the direction has energy and Tweed is fairly convincing as a kick-boxer . ( )
487206	386241	106850	6.0	Like a TV cop show with a little more violence ; routine script , solid cast .	In a plot strikingly similar to that of Eastwood's " Magnum Force " , " Extreme Justice " deals with cops that take the law into their own hands and execute criminals in cold blood . The blurring of the line between law and justice , and between vigilantism and paranoia , is done here more efficiently than it was in " Magnum Force " , so the movie holds your interest , despite the routine on all other accounts script and Mark Lester's unimaginative direction . The entire male cast is solid , but Chelsea Field is unconvincing as the hotshot reporter . ( )
486541	386241	106873	6.0	Kind of stale now .	This movie would have probably been much more fun if I had seen it in a theatre , back in 1993 . But in 2003 , how much relevance can parodies of " Sleeping with the Enemy " and " Fatal Attraction " possibly have ? In other words , many of the movie's most creative and then-timely gags seem just stale now . However , Armand Assante is surprisingly good in this type of comedy , and there are some funny moments scattered here and there . ( )
487486	386241	102945	6.0	By-the-numbers thriller is boosted by good performances .	I think most people tend to overlook how well-done the first 20 minutes of this movie really are . Ruben carefully builds a creepy atmosphere , relying on brief glances , moments of silence and quietly expressive performances ( especially by Julia Roberts ) to help the viewer understand that , behind the image of a perfect couple , something is really wrong . Unfortunately , after Roberts escapes from her husband , the movie turns into a strictly by-the-numbers thriller , where you can predict almost every development of the script . It's a visually polished movie , though , and the very good performances give it a strong psychological center that keeps it above-average .
487073	386241	50598	6.0	Needed more subtlety .	Chaplin's next-to-last film is not among his greatest ( although it's better , in my opinion , than , say , " Monsieur Verdoux " ) ; it's visually ugly and awfully unsubtle as a political satire , and the character of the brilliant , leftist kid who condemns the whole American system is absurdly conceived . But there are some ( scarce ) pretty funny moments ( Chaplin trying not to laugh is one scene that stands out ) and the movie is worth seeing anyway , because it's one of Chaplin's relatively unknown efforts . ( )
486331	386241	407301	6.0	Spoiler : Chris Benoit defends the title in his hometown	This is an uneven PPV . About half of the matches are worth seeing , but the other half are barely average . 1 ) Shelton Benjamin vs . Ric Flair . Visibly fake . Benjamin has to pull his punches and receive about 50 backhand slaps . I can accept Ric Flair as a ringside interference , but putting him in the center of the ring , alone , at his age , is a joke . 2 ) Jonathan Coachman vs . Tajiri . Another joke . The only way this match could be good is if Tajiri demolished " The Coach " in three minutes , but this doesn't happen . The high-kicking " Japanese Buzzsaw " deserves better booking than this . ) Chris Jericho vs . Christian and Trish Stratus . A 2-on-1 handicap match . What could have been yet another mediocre encounter between these two men is made a little more lively by the involvement of Trish ( who even gets spanked here ! ) . Then we get a small segment / tribute to Chris Benoit , at whose hometown this PPV was shot . Nice , but it removes even the last drop of suspense about the outcome of the main event . 4 ) Victoria vs . Lita ( for the women's title ) . FANTASTIC ! ! ! This is what the word " wrestling " is all about . The match lasts only 10 minutes , but you can see more technical holds and moves in these 10 minutes than in entire PPVs . Even the camera stays mostly on the ground level to follow the action . These two women work excellently together , and - in another nice touch - there is no fake " hate " between them , only respect ( at one point , they smile and congratulate each other ) . Victoria is a terrific champion - she should be wearing the belt more often . P . S . The aftermath of this match shows how badly misused Gail Kim was in the WWE . 5 ) Randy Orton vs . Mick Foley . A no-holds-barred fight for the intercontinental title , with the Evolution banned from ringside ( yes , really ! ) . I'm not a fan of hardcore matches , but I have to admit this one delivers what it promises . Some CRAZY stuff here . if you like this sort of thing , if you don't . 6 ) The Hurricane and Rosey vs . La Resistance . Hurricane and Rosey are an interesting , unorthodox team ( one looks like a cruiserweight , the other like a sumo wrestler ) , but after about 3 minutes Eugene shows up and the commentators , the crowd and even the cameraman stop paying attention to the match . I guess Eugene was supposed to turn it into a comedy , but he turns it into a tragedy instead . until he appears , then 0 . 7 ) Kane vs . Edge . Slightly better than other Kane matches , because it's relatively short and the action is mostly confined inside the ring . By the way , is there anyone who believes that someone like Edge can defeat someone like Kane in a real fight ? 8 ) Shawn Michaels vs . Triple H vs . Chris Benoit . A triple-threat match for the heavyweight title . This is a good main event . However , that's all it is - simply " good " . Benoit does his nice submission moves , HHH tries to dominate through sheer power , and HBK plays " Sweet Chin Music " ( when he's not knocked out cold outside ) . And of course when " A " ( whoever that may be ) is about to lose to " B " , " C " interferes . In the end , the right man wins and the fans go home happy . No surprises here .
487216	386241	212235	6.0	Pleasant if stale horror spoof .	As you might expect , " Shriek " is packed with throwaway gags , verbal puns , absurdist humor and pop references . As you might also expect , it runs out of steam after the first half hour or so . Almost all the film's best moments involve The Killer and his confrontations with his potential victims ; sadly , there are too many side trips that take the movie away from its basic horror-spoof line , and too many references to movies and TV shows that are not only irrelevant ( " Reservoir Dogs " , " Baywatch " ) , but often outdated as well ( " Grease " , " Home Alone " , " Christine " ) . The " Mentals " commercial , in particular , was the low point in stupidity , whereas the killer's note saying " I NO WHAT YOU DID LAST SUMMER " was one of the high points . ( )
485875	386241	68152	6.0	Slick but empty .	" $ " is a caper film typical of its era ; slickly made and photographed but cold and soulless . The first half is a series of rambling , disconnected scenes ; the second half is a long , boring chase , which is not filmed excitingly enough to sustain our interest . And there is never much tension in the movie , because the characters are too indifferent for us to really care about the development of their adventures . ( )
487179	386241	85701	6.0	Too choppy , too arty , but has its moments .	This is the kind of film that you'll either admire or despise - and you'll know which category you fall into after the opening five minutes or so . Much of it is pretentiously arty and choppy , but there are some effective moments , and a literally awesome , amazing sequence : David Bowie , suffering from a rare disease that makes him age rapidly , waits for doctor Susan Sarandon , expert on such matters , to examine him ; she thinks he's a nut and ignores him ; and he gets about 30 years older within two hours . Awe-inspiring ! However , when Bowie disappears from the action , the movie goes downhill . ( )
487082	386241	45810	6.0	Debatable title . . .	The title of this movie makes a point that is highly debatable - to put it kindly . I don't think that anyone in his right mind would prefer Marilyn Monroe to Jane Russell after watching them both here : Russell seems to be a more attractive woman , a better actress ( her smile is natural , Monroe's is forced ) , a sexier dancer and she plays a " normal " , likable character , while Monroe's character is appallingly lame-brained . Russell is vastly preferable , no doubt about that . As for the film , it's just a little piece of nothing , made endurable only by Russell's presence . The ironic thing is that , although there aren't enough musical numbers here for this movie to qualify as a musical , they forgot to throw in a decent plot , as well . And visually , it looks stagy and inexpensive .
487458	386241	54357	6.0	Great-looking film , but too wholesome .	This is a dazzling Disney production , beautifully photographed and colorful , but the treatment of its subject ( survival on a desert island ) is overly wholesome and unrealistic . The family seems to be treating the whole situation like the perfect holiday . Even at the face of many hardships they all remain surprisingly cheerful ! And the parents have an annoying habit of calling each other " Mother " and " Father " , even when they're alone . By far the most interesting element of the film is the antagonism between the two older brothers , each trying to win the affections of the teenage girl they take along in their adventures ; it's the only part of the movie that provides some dramatic conflict . ( )
487096	386241	116531	6.0	Predictable comedy .	Although it was co-written by David Zucker , this comedy is more conventional than , say , the " Naked Gun " series ; it doesn't have the same rapid-fire , relentless pacing . However , it does have a number of successful gags ( when the teacher enters the ghetto area , his car radio will play ONLY rap music ) , and , of course , the gorgeous Tia Carrere . . . . wow ! ( )
486551	386241	80166	6.0	Yuen Biao is awesome	First things first : the fight scenes in " Knockabout " are plentiful and SUPERB . Some of them are staged like elaborate comic dances - Charlie Chaplin and Buster Keaton would probably be pleased if they could see some of the gags here . In addition to his great fighting , Yuen Biao performs many admirable acrobatic feats ( I doubt that Jackie Chan could ever do some of the stuff that Biao does here ) , and Sammo Hung moves with incredible agility for a man his size ! There is also a lot of comedy in this film , which will not be to everyone's taste , as it involves a lot of mugging and twitching ( as well as exaggerated sound effects and animal sounds ) , but there ARE some genuinely funny moments . The only problem with the film is the plodding pacing : there simply isn't enough story to support 100 minutes of running time . ( )
486491	386241	97775	6.0	Occasionally enjoyable Jet Li vehicle	In " The Master " , one of his earliest and relatively little-seen flicks , Jet Li is basically placed in a fish-out-of-water situation : he comes from Hong Kong to America ( knowing only a few words of English ) to visit his old kung fu teacher , is followed everywhere by three Mexican small-time crooks who want him to teach them the martial arts , and tries to protect his teacher's shop from a gang led by a rival kung fu master . The main problem with the film is that it lacks urgency : much like the bad guy in Jackie Chan's " Thunderbolt " , the villain has no real motive for his actions apart from wanting to prove that he is " the best " . To put it in his own words : " When I finish with you , I'll go to China and beat all the kung fu teachers there ! " . But it has some pretty funny moments ( watch Jet describing his experiences on his first day in America ) , great ( if sometimes brief ) fight sequences , and even a warm message about interracial friendship and acceptance : those Mexicans may seem like silly stereotypes at first , but if you think about it , the movie shows how people can overcome the barriers of their different races and languages to work together and help each other . ( )
485819	386241	75807	6.0	Run-of-the-mill Disney outing .	This one is an adequate time-filler , but , surely , it won't be hard to find many other films to watch when you just need to sit back and spend two hours painlessly . It's an uninspired , undistinguished Disney comedy , with OK performances but a predictable storyline . The brightest moments are contributed by David Niven , who gives some class to the whole production .
485947	386241	63067	6.0	Familiar but OK spy drama	This is certainly not a bad film : the script maintains an air of uncertainty as to who is and who is not in the conspiracy to kill Plummer , there are some frantic fight scenes , a nice elegiac score , the performances are fine , putting in more emotion than usual for the genre , and the Goddess-like Daliah Lavi & the beautiful Camilla Sparv more than fill out the required " babe quotient " ( as I've said before , these 60's spy thrillers are almost always a sure bet if you want to see some incredibly beautiful women ) . However , there is not much here that you have not seen before . Perhaps it says something about the greatness of Hitchcock that even one of his widely considered " lesser " pictures ( " Topaz " ) is still better than this movie . ( )
485663	386241	66109	7.0	A few boring moments , many terrific ones .	Although this film is difficult to follow at times ( and , reportedly , historically inaccurate , too ; I wouldn't know ) , there are still several reasons to see it : 1 ) Glenda Jackson's outstanding performance ( you won't believe that the actress we see at the final stages of the film is the same one who played Tchaikovsky's wife early on , but it is - her transformation is amazing ) . 2 ) Some truly impressive sequences ; be sure to watch this movie on tape , so you can rewind it and watch them again . 3 ) Tchaikovsky's music , of course . 4 ) Lush sets and costumes . Ken Russell is a very unpredictable director ; just when you think the film is about to start boring you , he'll give you a wonderful moment out of nowhere .
487088	386241	65054	7.0	Gimmicky musical .	A spirited , energetic but perhaps overly gimmicky musical . Some of the gimmicks work , and result in highly imaginative scenes . Other gimmicks ( most of the " freeze-frame " tricks , for example ) don't work , and simply seem unnecessary and distracting . Most of the songs aren't particularly memorable , and some dance numbers , although spectacularly staged , go on too long and sometimes start looking redundant . But this musical is distinguished by its surprising amounts of substance , which make it a lot more thoughtful than you might expect . Definitely worth seeing .
485725	386241	66053	7.0	Haunting .	A fascinating story - a man haunted by his doppelganger - and Roger Moore's excellent performance ( s ) make this film worth seeing , even though it overelaborates its point somewhat ( the situation becomes clear to us long before Moore figures it out ) . Still , what we have here is an example of how a good movie can be produced on a relatively low budget , as long as it has a strong script and dependable actors . ( )
486545	386241	264429	7.0	Entertaining - if you watch it in the right frame of mind	I tried to watch the first " Black Mask " a few months ago , but it was the dubbed version and I only lasted about 10 minutes . This sequel , however , was actually shot in English , so no problems there . Visually intricate and full of interesting and cool computer graphics ( loved that extending fist ! ) , it is one of the craziest and most action-packed flicks I've ever seen . Although most of the fighting involves heavy wirework and computer effects , it is easy to accept it because the movie never hides its comic-book roots . And in true comic-book tradition , the villains are more colorful and entertaining than the hero ( especially Lang and Thorn ) . Amid all this action , Tsui Hark finds room for small comic asides about " Batman " and pro wrestling . And Yuen Woo Ping hasn't lost his touch : he makes Traci Lords look like just about the best female wrestler you'll ever see , even BEFORE she is transformed into a semi-invisible chameleon . In short , if you like one or more of the following things - " Batman " , " Mortal Kombat " , " Power Rangers " , wrestling , Yuen Woo Ping and general craziness - you'll probably like the film . ( )
487451	386241	73747	7.0	Good , methodically paced thriller .	I watched this film without knowing too much about it beforehand , which is the best way to get hit by its surprise revelations - so , as another reviewer suggested , don't read any reviews before seeing it , they'll probably spoil it one way or the other . It is fueled by the same fear that pervaded the " Invasion of the Body Snatchers " films - the loss of one's individuality . The director's careful , methodical pacing and his attention to detail may make the film seem slow to impatient viewers , but they pay off in some really chilling moments . Katharine Ross is extremely engaging in the lead . . . . and ( not to give anything away but ) I'll never forget the image of the woman with no eyes . ( )
485676	386241	676188	7.0	Hitting close to home	Hercule Poirot doesn't feel too good this morning : a ) he has a cold , and b ) no new cases have come his way in the past few weeks . He even picks the wrong murderer in a theatrical murder mystery that his friend Captain Hastings takes him to ( though he insists that the writer of the play cheated the audience ) . But all that is about to change when a real murder happens - in an apartment just 2 floors below his own , no less ! Featuring fluid camera-work that immediately establishes the setting ( 3rd floor : the murder victim , 4th floor : the people who find the body , 5th floor : Poirot ) , a typically clever script ( when Poirot , back in form and obviously pleased with himself , says " And now , I know everything ! " , few viewers will be prepared for his revelations ) , fine acting , and even some suspense at the end AFTER the culprit has been revealed , this early entry into the Poirot series is a good solid whodunit . ( )
485672	386241	676191	7.0	Poirot the burglar	A high society lady turns to Hercule Poirot for help : a secret love letter she had written in the past has fallen into the hands of a blackmailer , who now wants 20 thousand pounds to give it back to her . When that man goes to Paris for a few days , Poirot and Hastings decide on a bold course of action : they will break into his apartment and look for the letter themselves ! This is a somewhat atypical entry in the Poirot series : for the most part it appears to be a straightforward blackmail story , and Poirot does more snooping around than sleuthing . But of course there is a twist in the tale - and a quite clever one at that . There are also some pretty funny moments in this episode - when Inspector Japp finds Poirot locked in a cell , he says to a younger officer : " Nobody knows his real name , but they call him " Mad Dog " " . The climax takes place inside London's Natural History Museum . ( )
486036	386241	35279	7.0	With a better lead , this could've been a classic .	An entertaining first draft for " North By Northwest " , " Saboteur " has some wonderful Hitchcockian moments ( one of the best occurs at a table , when the hero is asked by a woman who hasn't yet seen that he's wearing handcuffs , to give her a plate ; trying to do that , he also drops a knife to the floor , exposing himself even more ! ) but suffers from a poorly chosen lead ( whether he's delivering patriotic speeches , romancing Priscilla Lane , making jokes or trying to look worried , Robert Cummings is wooden ) , and from a lack of really distinct villains ( oh , there are villains , many of them , but hardly anyone has enough screen time ) . ( )
487558	386241	676179	7.0	The ending makes this episode	A Chinese man arrives at a London hotel ; he has with him the map to a long-considered " lost " mine , and he has agreed to sell the map to an English bank . But the next day he doesn't turn up at the time of the meeting ; in fact , after a few hours , he turns up dead . The president of the bank asks Hercule Poirot for help . Apart from the Oriental flavor ( it's partly shot in London's Chinatown ) , and a brief look at Scotland Yard's methods in the 1930's , this is for the most part a rather trivial episode of the Poirot series . But it is saved at the end by the startling revelation of the killer's identity . Up until then , it's a out of 4 , but the last 5 minutes make it a . One of the clues is so obvious in retrospect that you may feel like hitting your head on the wall if you miss it ( and I did . . . . miss it , I mean ) .
487557	386241	676171	7.0	" I was talking to the parrot ! "	A wealthy banker disappears ; " People don't just vanish into thin air ! " , says Poirot ; Inspector Japp has a challenge for him : he bets 5 pounds that Poirot can't solve the case within one week without ever leaving his apartment ; Poirot accepts the challenge , and sends Captain Hastings out with a list of " odd " questions to collect information . Three things are most notable about this episode : a ) the " Poirot solving the mystery from his own house " gimmick , b ) the story itself , which is quite intriguing ( as usual for an Agatha Christie story , the truth is hiding in plain sight ) , c ) the little magic tricks that Poirot learns how to do by studying a book - they are amazing . I re-watched them step-by-step on the DVD , and I couldn't spot any editing tricks - it looks as if David Suchet did them himself ! ( )
487415	386241	112769	7.0	Masterfully directed Chabrol thriller .	Taken as a psychological thriller , this is a marvellously well-made piece of work . Chabrol is a master of subtle storytelling , and even though you know exactly how the film will end right from the first few frames , he still manages to work up some suspense and creepiness . Taken as a " serious " social statement about class distinctions , it's a complete failure ( the supposed " target " of the film , the bourgeois family , comes off as very likable ) . So take it as a thriller , and you'll be fine . ( )
487444	386241	118548	7.0	Overall disappointing effort from Eastwood .	As an actor , Eastwood still has his unique screen presence , and his glances / line readings ( " I'm fresh out ! " ) can still put a silly-yet-knowing grin on your face , especially if you're among his long-time fans . And as a director , he sure knows how to stage some tense suspense sequences . But he cannot overcome the artificial , contrived and often unconvincing plot , or its awfully unsubtle attempt at some sort of political " commentary " . Ed Harris and E . G . Marshall are standouts in a generally fine cast , but Gene Hackman isn't believable for a minute as the president . ( )
486808	386241	73784	7.0	With this cast , it can't miss ( completely ) .	This predictable and formulaic Western will not blow you away with its brilliance , but it IS fun , carried along almost entirely by the strong presences of its top stars . Only Jim Kelly and his karate moves feel out of place . And it also must be mentioned that the big moment that you all ( ? ) have been waiting for , a fight between Jim Brown and Fred Williamson , does arrive in this film . . . . but the scene is terribly unrealistic-looking . ( )
486584	386241	91167	7.0	Perceptive comedy-drama , but not a masterpiece .	" Hannah and Her Sisters " is a very good movie that , unfortunately , falls short of greatness . Alternately entertaining ( as a comedy ) and penetrating ( as a drama ) , this film has many wonderful moments , and is filled with superb dialogue . All the actors deliver first-rate performances ; Michael Cain in genuinely touching when he is trying to decide his next moves in his life , Hershey is warm and radiant and Allen himself is delightful in his role . The script is perceptive throughout ( look for the scenes when Caine shares his thoughts and plans with us ) and the main characters do have depth . The only flaw here ( and , I think , a crucial one ) is the too-tidy ending . I wouldn't have preferred a thoroughly depressing conclusion , but the way everything gets " settled " in the end was just too neat . Still , I read somewhere that the " upbeat " tone of the ending was " required " partly by the studio who made the film , so I guess this flaw is forgivable . Nevertheless , it doesn't allow this movie to become a masterpiece .
485976	386241	210382	7.0	Underrated film by an underrated director .	" The Weight of Water " ( interestingly obscure title , isn't it ? ) is not a masterpiece , and sometimes seems to be striving for a " greater meaning " that simply isn't there . However , that's no excuse for its excessively poor critical reception . Yes , the " seduction " part of the present story is a bit cliched , and the story of the past goes pretty much where you expect it ( after a point ) to go . In spite of all that , the film is able to get by on the strength of Kathryn Bigelow's direction , which is , in a word , impeccable . Every single shot is meticulously planned and - when it has to be - visually beautiful . Bigelow has already proved that she is a master of her craft when it comes to directing high-energy action sequences ; here she proves that she is equally adept at subtlety . There are facial expressions , small gestures and glances that speak volumes in this movie . Of course part of the credit for that has to go to the cast , which is mostly superb ( with the notable exception of Elizabeth Harley ) ; Catherine McCormack and Sarah Polley are the best , each one holds her own story together perfectly . The film also has stunning photography and a beautiful music score . ( )
486656	386241	70592	7.0	Chilling war drama , but could have been better .	This movie has a chilling subject matter , but there are a few too many unnecessary distractions along the way , which prevent it from getting down to the heart of the story as quickly as it should . It's still worth seeing , however , especially for fans of Richard Burton , who gives a compelling performance as a man caught in a mechanism that far surpasses him and forces him to do unthinkable deeds . And all this despite the obvious fact that Burton is miscast as a German officer with a distinctly British accent . ( )
486784	386241	91532	7.0	Exhilarating at times ; a must-see for martial arts fans	" Magic Crystal " takes an everything - but - the - kitchen - sink approach to movie-making : there is action , comedy , spy stuff ( the villains are KGB ) , exotic adventure ala Indiana Jones ( it was partly shot in Greece , and there are underground lairs full of traps ) , and science fiction ( a little boy befriends an alien creature - does that remind you of anything ? ) . The mixture of all these different genres isn't 100 % smooth , but at times it is exhilarating , particularly during the fight scenes , which are furious and ferocious . Cynthia Rothrock ( possible highlight : her Eagle Claw kung fu ) , Richard Norton ( ph : the way he handles his double sharp weapons at the end ) , Andy Lau ( ph : using an umbrella as a weapon ! ) , and the actress who plays his sister ( ph : her astonishing body-bending abilities ) are all superb in action , and there are some big laughs as well ( a man wakes up to find his hands and feet having exchanged places ! ) . IMO , any martial arts / 80's Hong Kong film fan should seek this one out . ( )
485982	386241	77945	7.0	Very well-made jungle adventure	" Mountain of the Cannibal God " may disappoint those looking for a hardcore cannibal flick , but if you're willing to accept it as a jungle adventure with occasional doses of gore it works better . The production is colorful and polished ; this movie really looks great on DVD . Sergio Martino does a solid job with the direction ; apart from " Predator " , I don't think I've seen a film with a better sense of place during its jungle scenes . The plot has a good build-up , and even attempts a couple of twists . Ursula Andress handles her physically demanding role well ( no wonder the cannibals mistake her for a goddess ; that's what Ursula is . And did anyone else find one of the cannibal girls that were painting her up quite hot ? ) . Stacy Keach is a solid lead and has the best ( and best-delivered ) line in the film : " You never forget the taste of human flesh ! " . By the way , I watched a 97-minute version which was quite gory , but had some " extreme " scenes that others have mentioned ( bestiality ) missing . ( )
487581	386241	77921	7.0	Unjustly neglected .	Like the wonderful " Omen " , this a horror film aimed strictly at thoughtful genre fans . A well-made , unjustly neglected metaphysical thriller that leads to an impressive finale , reminiscent of disaster movies .
487543	386241	95403	7.0	Superb action and serious Jackie !	" Police Story 2 " is a movie that mostly shows Jackie Chan's serious side . His performance is relatively mature and restrained , and he allows his character to be portrayed as not only brave , smart and determined , but flawed and selfish as well ( his scene with Maggie Cheung after the fight in the playground is a key point ) . There is less slapstick and more plot than usual for a Chan movie ; less emphasis on comedy and more on action . The action sequences are superb , and that deaf-mute guy with the incredible martial-arts skills is one of the most memorable villains Jackie ever had to face ( literally : I had seen the film only once before in 1997 and I still remembered him clearly ) . ( )
487338	386241	39302	7.0	Unlikely plot made entertaining by sheer star power .	This is a good example of how far sheer star power can carry a movie . The unlikely plot is riddled with coincidences that might have been unacceptable under different circumstances , but just because the leads are Bogart and Bacall , you're willing to cut it some slack . Terrific acting ( especially by Bogart , who has to act a lot with his eyes here ) , great camerawork in the first half and taut dialogue ( or maybe it's the delivery that's taut ) make " Dark Passage " an entertaining 40s thriller . ( )
485595	386241	113089	7.0	A lovely , forgotten little picture . . . .	I don't know if it was a " fluke " or not ( pun intended ) , but they really made a good and worthwhile movie here . Despite some familiar " kid-movie " trappings ( actually , when you first hear the two dogs " talking " to each other you may be disappointed that yet another movie has used that gimmick , but at least the other dog is voiced by Samuel Jackson ) , this film isn't very accessible to kids ; it's very unusual , rather grim and pretty much of a downer . Older viewers , though , should appreciate the consistently interesting story , the excellent cinematography and the remarkable " performances " by the dogs ; their trainers really did a great job . ( )
487123	386241	191074	7.0	Compelling pulp .	" New Best Friend " is a slow , pulpy but compelling mystery-thriller . It works in large part thanks to Meredith Monroe , who brings real depth to her role . Another one of its strong points is that the characters are not clearly labeled as " good " or " bad " ; you can feel the evil hanging over everything but you never know where it will come from . On the negative side , there is at least one gaping story hole ( in a flashback near the end , Kirshner's character appears to be at two different places at the same time ! ) , and Taye Diggs is miscast ( too young ) as the investigator on the case . ( )
487561	386241	182361	7.0	Good , not great	Hercule Poirot and Captain Hastings travel to a small seaside English town for some " restful vacation " . But that is not exactly what they get , when they meet a young woman who owns a large house near their hotel , and whose life seems to be in danger . This is a 100-minute-long episode of the Poirot series , and I'd be lying if I said that the pacing never lags - it does . At the same time , I wish the post-climax had gone on a bit longer , to allow Poirot to make some further explanations . As it stands , the plot has some unclear points ( the bullet . . . . the poisoned chocolates . . . . the cousin that was invited upon the insistence of Poirot . . . . obviously I can't go any further without spoiling things ) , and it is possible that it doesn't stand up 100 % under scrutiny . On the other hand , there's plenty to like here : the wonderful locations and production design , the exceptional acting , the cinematic direction , the small clues planted here and there ( " Oh , how I like them ! " , says Poirot ) , some laugh-out-loud moments ( the scene where Hastings tries to explain who Poirot is to Nick is a small masterpiece of writing and acting , as is the one of Inspector Japp on the beach ) . As for another reviewer's remark , " how beautiful is Polly Walker ! " , the answer is : more beautiful than words can explain . ( )
486473	386241	95454	7.0	Sexy and fast-moving ; better than you'd think .	A surprisingly good little horror film . The direction and acting are clearly above average , the atmosphere is tense and subtly sexy , and Meredith Salenger is so beautiful that it's a wonder she never became a minor star . The film just gets a little silly in the end , when - possible spoiler - Pakula's witchcraft is reduced to an " Alien " - like mini-monster , but I guess that's to be expected when the special effects department is helmed by Chris Walas , the man who also designed " The Fly " ! ( )
486403	386241	87718	7.0	Irresistible .	" Micki + Maude " is a warm , lovely little comedy , so sweet-natured and appealing that it's hard to resist . We identify completely with Dudley Moore , who honestly loves both his wives ; his behavior never seems smug or calculating . He just can't choose between them , because he cares deeply for both of them . And because of that , the movie becomes emotionally involving . Warning : this isn't the kind of comedy that will make you laugh so much you won't be able to take a breath ; it's the kind of comedy that will leave you , repeatedly , with a goofy grin on your face .
486621	386241	61107	7.0	Fairly absorbing but overlong .	This fairly absorbing Hitchcock thriller just doesn't have the zest it needs to be really exciting . I think that's the major problem with it , and not the casting ( remember those actors in " Frenzy " ? ) . Some sequences ( like the way Newman gets the formula or the escape from the theatre ) are ingenious , others ( the one with the woman who needs " sponsors " ) are inexplicable .
485710	386241	91415	7.0	The critics hated this , but it's fun .	Richard Franklin is a self-proclaimed Hitchcock fan ( he made " Psycho II " , after all ) , and you've got to hand it to him , " Link " is more artfully directed than the average mid-80s horror film , with some nice camera movements and some even nicer transition shots . It moves slowly , though , and some characters seem to be introduced only to pump up the body count . Elizabeth Shue , in only her second role , is admirable in the way she holds her own against the naturally scene-stealing chimpanzees . ( )
486444	386241	91427	7.0	One of Jackie's strangest movies - and one of his best	The first half of " Heart of Dragon " is essentially a tearjerker ( with occasional light moments ) : Jackie Chan is a lot more serious than usual , and Sammo Hung gives an un-self-conscious and honest performance as the mentally handicapped Dodo - he is forced to do the most ridiculous things and does them without any apparent embarrassment . The second half is a rather complicated crime caper , and the stunts , fights and chases are top-notch . Sammo doesn't get to do any fighting , of course , though he takes quite a few brutal hits . Jackie is in great form , and in typical HK-cinema tradition the villains can certainly hold their own in a fight . The total result is one of Jackie's best films , because the comic , the dramatic and the action-packed moments all work on their own terms . ( )
486556	386241	78032	7.0	Surprising ending .	SPOILERS SPOILERS Jack Palance plays a tough cop , modelled on Dirty Harry . He's so frustrated about the leniency of the judicial system that he decides to take the law into his own hands and become what the title implies . As these things go , this film is not bad at all . The action sequences are well-handled , the ending is surprising , and there is one small but subtle and insightful touch ( Minor Spoiler ) : when Palance kills the first villain , in cold blood , he covers his face with a handkerchief before going down the stairs , just as his victim had previously done after HE had killed a woman in cold blood . Interesting . ( )
486453	386241	108558	7.0	Compelling thriller	When you can feel your heart beating faster while you're watching a thriller , you know it has done its job ! Apart from some questionable plot devices ( does it really take entire MONTHS for computers in London to get a positive fingerprint match ? ) , " Interview With A Serial Killer " is a compelling thriller that makes the most of its small budget and benefits from unusual storytelling techniques and two excellent performances by Harriet Robinson and Peter Firth ; they both ( and especially the former ) look and sound like real people , not like standard movie creations . To get an idea of how good this movie really is , try comparing it with the somewhat similar American thriller " Where Sleeping Dogs Lie " , which was made one year earlier , with a larger budget and much more " name " stars , including Sharon Stone . " Interview . . . " easily comes out on top . ( )
487520	386241	61138	7.0	Insightful but a bit too " stylish " .	At its core , this is a good film . Lelouch seems to have a very insightful eye for body language and ear for the tentative words two people who are slowly falling in love with each other might say ( the lunch scene is exceptional ; you completely forget that you're listening to actors ) . And Anouk Aimee is particularly luminous and beautifully enigmatic as the Woman . But sometimes the emotions tend to get overshadowed by Lelouch's insistent desire to be " stylish " and " groundbreaking " . And there are some scenes ( especially the racing ones ) that are pure filler . ( )
486524	386241	69895	7.0	A little too frantic , but a must for Romero fans .	One of Romero's least-seen efforts , this film is well-made on a low budget , but the frenzied pacing , the documentary-type directing techniques and the unsympathetic characters leave you with nobody to root for . More cruel than bloody , and especially interesting for those who want to study Romero's career more closely , as it has both the nihilism of " Night of the Living Dead " and the strong anti-military spirit of " Day of the Dead " . Worth seeing . ( )
485905	386241	74292	7.0	A dynamic disaster pic .	This is not one of those soulless , uninteresting all-star packages of the ' 70s , like " The Towering Inferno " or one of those pseudo-artsy " entertainments " like " The French Connection " ; it's a vigorously directed , tightly edited thriller that grabs you by the throat right from the opening sequence and keeps its grip throughout . Sure , it contains most of the expected disaster-movie cliches ( peculiar love-hate relationships between characters played by big stars of the era , useless supporting roles - especially Ava Gardner's - , etc . . . ) , but the directing is so efficient , and Burt Lancaster is so convincingly hateful , that you find yourself completely absorbed . In my opinion , a first-rate movie , with a spectacular finish . ( )
486509	386241	69956	7.0	Repellent but fascinating .	This is often credited as " the first cannibal horror film " , although it has less to do with cannibalism than with Italian shockumentaries such as " Mondo Cane " . Viewing it is an often repellent but altogether fascinating experience - one that you will not soon forget . Umberto Lenzi's direction , which is a curious mix of skill and amateurishness , combined with the location shooting , give it a documentary-like feel that compensates for the thin and sloppily set-up plot . ( )
486533	386241	83111	7.0	" It's the land of hospitality . . . unless you don't belong "	It starts out as an unremarkable action picture ( you've seen this type of story before , and you'll certainly see it again ) , but it becomes more engaging as it progresses , and gets really tense in the final 20 minutes or so , when the action moves to a Cajun village and Walter Hill makes full use of the contrast between the peaceful , fun-loving locals and the murderous , unrelentingly brutal ones . The actors do a good job of playing soldiers who aren't among the brightest men you'll ever meet . ( )
486949	386241	109443	7.0	Clever , witty comedy-mystery .	" Clean Slate " is an engrossing , cleverly plotted comedy , but be warned : if you're looking for belly laughs , this isn't the film for you . It's a plot-driven film that can be categorized as a comedy only because of its light tone . With the same material and a serious approach , this could have been a great Kafka-esque thriller . Carvey is remarkably easy to identify with . ( )
485759	386241	167752	7.0	" The Tenant " meets " Rear Window " ; excellent until the last 10 minutes .	When the build-up of a movie is as good as it is in " The 4th Floor " , the third act will almost inevitably have to be somewhat disappointing . The director , who is a first-timer to boot , does a very good job of creating a sinister , eerie atmosphere and keeping us hooked , always in doubt about who the guilty party is . Then in the last 10 minutes , it all becomes a routine slasher film , complete with half-baked plot " explanations " and a gratuitous " twist ending " . Still , for the most part this an excellent little thriller , and definitely worth your time . ( )
485960	386241	87397	7.0	Stylish and smart .	Stylishly directed , very well-acted , offbeat , adult film with good , complex characterizations and a terrific music score that pushes it forward . The only problems are a certain lack of direction ( in the sense of destination and purpose ) , and some implausible scenes ( the behavior of the French woman is rather totally unrealistic ) . Still , the film is never boring and deserved better than it got from the public . ( )
486968	386241	70068	7.0	Surprisingly good .	" 40 Carats " is a surprisingly good movie . While Ullmann and Albert have little chemistry together , they nevertheless make a sweet pair , because they are both enormously appealing individually . Gene Kelly adds a few nice moments and leads a likable supporting cast . The film is slightly overlong but more mature than you might think .
486856	386241	83064	7.0	Arguably Burt's best .	I haven't seen every single movie that Burt Reynolds has ever made , but this one ( which I've just finished watching , for the third time ) may very well be his best ! It suffers only from some slow stretches ; Burt perhaps tried to make it more " arty " than it should have been . On the other hand , he managed to avoid many of the usual cliches in the presentation of the " tough cop " role he plays ( notice , for example , the scene in which he attempts to kiss Rachel Ward for the first time , or the fear he expresses just before the final showdown with the indestructible Henry Silva ) . In fact , Silva and those two ninja assassins are three of the most memorable villains of cop thrillers of the 80s . The film also has some offbeat touches , a surprising amount of humor , a brutal and gripping fistfight and many well-directed shots . ( )
486463	386241	22395	7.0	Not typical Hitchcock , but not bad .	Technical crudities , print / sound deficiencies and dated acting styles taken into consideration , " Skin Game " still has innovative ( for the time ) camera techniques and thematic ambiguity ( who is right and who is wrong ? Who are the true villains of the story ? ) and is generally better than other , more " typical " Hitchcock films of the period , like " Murder ! " from 1930 . Edmund Gwenn is terrific and Phyllis Constam is quite sexy . ( )
486617	386241	57076	7.0	Top-notch .	By no means a great movie , but a top-notch BOND movie . Connery isn't yet as entertaining as he later became ( especially in " Thunderball " ) , but he is certainly more confident and likable than he was in " ' Dr . No " . This is probably the only GENUINE spy movie in the series , and it contains ( in my opinion ) the best-sustained sequence of all the Bonds ( the Connery-Shaw fight and the 15 minutes leading to it ) . Unfortunately , the two following climaxes ( especially the boat chase ) can't approach the same level of quality . It's still above-average .
486838	386241	91670	7.0	For patients viewers only .	Tarkovsky's final film has a very contemplative , sedate tone ; the characters are liable to open philosophical discussions or talk about their memories from the dim , dim past at the oddest moments . The " plot " is very vague and , despite the terrifying premise of a nuclear holocaust , there is almost no urgency . Where the film excels is in its camerawork : the movements of the camera are so fluid and so " soft " , that you'll often get from a very long shot to a close-up of a person without even noticing it . Some people have called it a masterpiece ; such an opinion is understandable , even if I don't agree with it . ( )
487140	386241	91671	7.0	Surprisingly good .	This four-part horror anthology was definitely better than I expected - I gave it a , when before viewing it I was hoping for a 5 at best . Its main strength is its wonderful unpredictability ; at least two of the stories ( the second and the third ) demonstrate very good scripting . The first episode , an illogical story of paranoia and necrophilia , is the weakest , but then the ( twisted ) fun begins ! A surprisingly successful effort , if perhaps too gruesome and unpleasant to be recommended without some hesitation .
487125	386241	286635	7.0	Style over substance .	" Fulltime Killer " is not quite as good as John Woo's ( just plain ) " Killer " . The super-stylish direction catches your attention , and the flashbacks and changes of focus among the four main characters are confidently and successfully integrated into the narrative . Also all the performances are good . But if you're looking for any qualities like originality , substance or realism you've come to the wrong place . ( )
487542	386241	104558	7.0	Top-notch Jackie , despite its minor flaws	Though this is billed as the official third entry in the " Police Story " series , it doesn't really feel like a part of it . The higher production values and the rapid changes of international locations give it an almost Bondian feel . The comedy has been touched-up a bit from the previous entry , and it is actually frequently funny ( unlike , for example , the comedy in " Twin Dragons " or the " Lucky Stars " films ) . The action sequences - from the ( literally ) death-defying stunts to the dizzyingly fast fight scenes - are incredible . The plot is much stronger than usual for a Chan film , though sometimes it collapses into chaos ( particularly in the massacre after the meeting of the drug lords , where it's hard to know who's killing whom , or why ) . Michelle Yeoh cannot quite match Jackie in the comedy department - she doesn't have his facial expressions or comic timing - but she more than matches him in the action scenes , and she shows off some fantastic moves . The version I saw was ( acceptably ) dubbed , but thankfully did not include the rap soundtrack that others mention . ( )
486753	386241	113153	7.0	Uneven , but worth the effort	Much of " My Father Is A Hero " is heavy-going , downbeat and melodramatic ; on the other hand , the final fight scene alone is almost worth the price of admission . Jet Li has some powerful acting moments in this film ( like the scene where he realizes that his wife has just died and has all those recollections of her , but has to keep his cool so as not to expose his identity to the crime boss ) , and his bond with his son is moving . A surprisingly flexible Anita Mui has a couple of crisp fight scenes as well , but the show is pretty much stolen by the little boy who plays Jet's son , and who doesn't just kid around - he shows really spectacular kung fu skills . On the whole , it does take some effort on the viewer's part to stick with this film , but ultimately it's worth it . ( )
487213	386241	171546	7.0	Mediocre whodunit with a marvelous Gene Wilder performance .	In a mostly straight role , with only occasional moments of humor , Gene Wilder is surprisingly good ; his warm and insightful theatrical director / amateur sleuth is like a more humane Hercules Poirot . The film is well-cast right down the line and has a reasonably intricate plot , but it suffers from the usual limitations of most TV productions , including bland cinematography and slow pacing . Enjoyable overall , but mediocre . ( )
486055	386241	65761	7.0	Brilliant camera work & editing , intricate and complex plot , draggy pacing	Dario Argento has often been called " The Italian Hitchcock " , but there are moments in this chilling giallo where he surpasses even the master ; the weird camera angles , the momentary flashbacks and flash-forwards , the closeups of the killer's blinking eye , the POV shots . . . after seeing this film , one is likely to call Brian De Palma " The American Argento " . But what separates " The Cat O'Nine Tails " from other Argento films is that it's more plot-driven than gore-driven ; in fact , the plot of this film has everything I want in a mystery : it's always one step ahead of you , has lots of red herrings , and holds up logically ( by giallo standards ) even on a second viewing . The problem with the film is the same one Argento had with some of his other giallos : he can't keep his pace from occasionally getting bogged down . He delays the revelation of the killer so much in this one , that at one point I was afraid the film would end and he STILL would not tell us who it was ! After the killer is revealed , however , the director holds a special fate for him / her . . . . ouch , that MUST have hurt ! Finally , the movie is very well-dubbed ; you can barely tell it was not filmed in English . ( )
486510	386241	100486	7.0	Fascinating but ultimately pointless puzzle of a movie .	" Reversal of Fortune " is a fascinating study of the " relativity " of truth , of the way certain events can be seen and judged from many different perspectives . At the same time , there is a certain pointlessness and even redundancy about a movie whose ultimate message seems to be " you can never know the absolute truth " . After all , didn't we all know that before we sat down to watch the movie in the first place ? It does keep your interest , make no mistake about that , but it is rather cold and distant ( as is , intentionally , Jeremy Irons ' performance ) , and not as emotionally gripping as it should have been . ( )
486239	386241	87262	7.0	Above-average .	Good special effects and a great cast make this film above-average , as Stephen King adaptations go ( well , it's certainly better than " Maximum Overdrive " ) . The story may be a bit predictable , partly because King had visited similar territory before ( " Carrie " , anyone ? ) , but you have to admire the way the film puts you into the action right from the start , omitting any slow introductions , and George C . Scott is such a strong , perverse and eccentric villain that you can't help watching him . ( )
486371	386241	109266	7.0	An interesting experiment .	Bleak look at the life of the less-privileged in contemporary Los Angeles . Darling Narita is utterly believable as the unemployed , homeless actress who gets to be a " cop " for a day , and the dialogue , situations and general flow of the film have a definite ring of authenticity ( you will never say to yourself " no , this couldn't happen " ) . The director's documentary-like technique draws you into the film ; on the other hand , it doesn't give you too many insights into the characters . Ultimately , the film comes to a dead end - like its heroine , it has nowhere to go . ( )
486258	386241	69732	7.0	Bizarre is putting it mildly .	Arnold may be the most active corpse in the history of movies ( we're not talking about zombies here ) . There he is , lying in his casket throughout the movie , and yet his presence dominates the world of the living , and his sardonic smile makes him look pretty darn alive . This highly original horror comedy has a morbid sense of humor and will keep you guessing all the way , but ultimately has one twist too many , becoming excessively illogical by the end . It's still recommended , perhaps as a double feature with " Terror In The Wax Museum " , another 1973 film by the same director , with many of the same stars , with even the same " they never set foot outside the studio " feeling . ( )
486727	386241	65872	7.0	Elevated by the acting .	An intelligent , thoughtful , extremely well-acted drama . Both Gene Hackman and Melvyn Douglas perform with great restraint , helped by a script that gives them fully-drawn characters to play . The direction , although not the most important element in this type of film , also has its moments , like a visit to an old-age home that is presented as a descent into Hell . But there is a burden that keeps this film from being a really great one ; its overwhelming banality . ( )
485787	386241	117786	7.0	Nonstop action - and what action !	The thinnest plot imaginable ( 1 : Bad guys think Jackie has an incriminating tape , 2 : Bad guys go after him ) , but it doesn't matter ; the movie serves up one virtuoso action sequence after another , and some priceless comic dialogue as well ( " Oh my God , you want the tape too ? If you find it PLEASE take it " ) . Jackie was 43 when this was filmed , but he sure hadn't lost a bit of his physical dexterity . This film is much better in every way than his American " breakthrough " hit , " Rumble In The Bronx " , and Richard Norton makes an enjoyable villain . ( )
486736	386241	74512	7.0	A minor Hitchcock outing , but consistently entertaining .	" Family Plot " , Hitchcock's last film , is nearly forgotten today ; even when later Hitchcock films are discussed , " Frenzy " and " Torn Curtain " come to most people's minds . But it is an entertaining , thoroughly watchable , consistently absorbing film . Lehman wrote a very clever plot , carefully structured and filled with ironic twists , and he also provides some witty dialogue . Hitchcock's direction just doesn't have the pacing and zest you might expect ( after all , he was 77 years old when he made this ) , but technically it's excellent and the sequence with the car that goes downhill in a twisty mountain road and has no brakes is exceptionally well-edited . Unlike " Frenzy " , this film also has engaging performances by all the actors involved ( Dern is the standout ) . The only disappointment here is the finale , that comes more or less as an anticlimax .
486504	386241	39694	7.0	Underrated Hitchcock film still has more than its share of flaws .	Hitchcock's last collaboration with Selznick had its good and its bad points for him ; he came away with a sumptuous production but also with a not-terribly-interesting story . The film is smoothly directed , with some exceptional camerawork ; Hitchcock was undoubtedly a master of his craft by this point . However , the depiction of the trial procedures makes the picture look extremely dated . Quite frankly , Madonna's " Body of Evidence " had more credible courtroom scenes . And Ethel Barrymore's Oscar nomination , for a role with screen time that amounts to no more than two minutes , is one of Hollywood's biggest mysteries , if not blunders . ( )
486170	386241	57318	7.0	Fascinating .	Uneven but fascinating documentary on bizarre customs around the world . It has a few dull stretches ( the auto junkyard scene ) and the narration sometimes gets a little too condescending . But there are also unforgettable scenes ( the giant sea turtle that has lost any sense of orientation , great bullfighting footage ) that make " Mondo Cane " essential viewing for anyone who is even mildly interested in cult films . ( )
486726	386241	87100	7.0	Fascinating , offbeat .	This is , to be sure , not the easiest film to categorize : campy at times ( with an often inappropriate - but always intentionally so - comic music score ) , at other times serious and emotionally complex and altogether fascinating and intriguing . Anthony Perkins is wackier than ever as a totally demented preacher , Laughlin ( especially ) and Turner are also very good in their roles . It's an explicitly sexual and kinky movie , definitely not for everyone , but if you're tired of the same old stuff , this is refreshingly non-mainstream fare . ( )
487045	386241	109093	7.0	Likably offbeat fare .	Hal Hartley's " Amateur " is an engagingly offbeat take on the " crime thriller " genre . It is also perhaps the most quietly thoughtful handling of amnesia ( not as a plot trick , but as a subject ) you're ever likely to see . But be warned : Hartley's refreshingly non-mainstream , detached , minimalist style takes quite some getting used to , and the ending is needlessly downbeat . ( )
487153	386241	100442	7.0	Nolte at his most imposing !	Extremely well-written and colorful dialogue . Grainy , gritty cinematography that gives the film an extra authentic feel . Good performances . Nick Nolte , bigger and more towering than ever before , as the ultimate Bad Cop . This is a worthwhile movie , and it would make a great " police corruption " double bill with the same year's " Internal Affairs " ( a topic for discussion : who is scarier as a villain , Nolte or Richard Gere ? ) . Only problem is that the film is a bit overloaded with supporting characters , making the plot unnecessarily complex at times . ( )
486679	386241	82616	7.0	Compact , entertaining mystery .	The alternate title of this made-for-TV whodunit is " Who Killed Joy Morgan ? " , yet that's far from being the only question laid down by the film ; we are also constantly asking ourselves " Who was killed ? " and " Who is lying ? " and " Did Joy Morgan ever existed in the first place ? " . The twisty script makes sure that WE are never sure about anything . And if you like films of this type , this one is guaranteed to please you . A compact , gripping mystery with a competent cast - plus an early appearance by Kim Basinger , who looks more sensuous here than she did in later years . ( )
486124	386241	94694	7.0	A celebration of female beauty , skill and courage	Following pretty much the same structure as the highly popular at the time " Lucky Stars " films , " The Inspector Wears Skirts " has action mostly in the first and last 10 minutes , and comedy , romance and a bit of drama in the middle . This causes the film to lag at times , but still , the action sequences are awesome and there ARE some legitimately funny moments as well , courtesy mostly of Sandra Ng . The cast offers a mind-boggling collection of beautiful women , but if I had to pick just one as my favorite , it would probably be the STUNNINGLY GORGEOUS Ellen Chan . However , it should be noted that the girls weren't picked just for their looks , but for their skills as well : they don't seem to be intimidated at all by any physicality required , they throw themselves into their roles with abandon and take quite a few " ouch " bumps ( the action was choreographed by Jackie Chan's Stunt Team ; IMDb says that Jackie also directed the film , but I'm not so sure this info is accurate ) . Overall , " The Inspector Wears Skirts " is uneven , but a definite must-see for Girls With Guns fans . ( )
487368	386241	74811	7.0	Fascinating but overly drab .	A sometimes fascinating but very drab and oh-so-slow psychological thriller from Roman Polanski . He tells his story methodically and allows the viewer to share the hero's point of view ; on the other hand , this also has some unfortunate consequences : the pacing is torturously , almost unbearably slow . This film may indeed be a superb study of paranoia , but the tension doesn't get going until it's too late and I found the scenes where Polanski dresses himself up as a woman somewhat hokey . ( )
485692	386241	60232	7.0	Highly underrated picture .	" The Chase " is a powerful and underrated drama . It has most of the ingredients that are required for a solid dramatic picture : exceptional acting ( particularly by Brando ) , careful directing , well-drawn characters and good production values . The first half meanders a little , but in the second half the tension mounts and the film becomes constantly more and more involving and moving . So why does it have such a low reputation ? Maybe because of all those reported production problems . But who cares ? They're certainly not evident in the film ! Recommended for mature viewers .
485802	386241	74812	7.0	Uneven but imaginative .	Despite some dated elements , the first part of this film is terrific . The pacing is fast , the direction solid and York's performance excellent : we get a hero we can identify with . The second part is weaker , with Ustinov's character being mostly an irritation because , as someone else here commented , he is given nothing of interest to say . The ending is also kind of simplistic , for such an imaginative movie . Still , the unbelievably beautiful Jenny Agutter is on-screen most of the time . . . and the film is good enough .
485898	386241	71532	7.0	Engrossing .	A grim and intelligent drama that offers a seemingly accurate portrayal of the gambling obsession and an engrossing character study of a man that suffers from it . Very well-acted and well-told as a story , it remains highly interesting from start to finish . Marred only by its weird , inconclusive and somewhat inexplicable ending . ( )
486212	386241	94651	7.0	A surprise from Holland . . .	Technically , " Amsterdamned " is about as good as any average American thriller about serial killers and tough cops ; Dick Maas directs competently , shows a sense of humor and the unusual setting is an extra plus ( how often do you get to see a boat chase in the Amsterdam canals ? Not even the Bond pictures exploited that opportunity ) . It's just that the whole concept of the film treads on all-too-familiar territory , and that there are a few too many red herrings and a few too many climaxes . ( )
486615	386241	74860	7.0	Stunning Olivier , not-so-stunning script .	" Marathon Man " is too unpleasant to be typically entertaining , but it's still a fine piece of moviemaking , intensely suspenseful at times . Olivier's performance is stunning and will stay in the memory of any person that watches this film . But the script isn't so stunning . It's adequate for a good thriller , limited for a great one .
486372	386241	94612	7.0	Lives up to its title .	The violence in this movie is brutal and efficiently directed , the action sequences spectacular , the main villain great and the hero , Carl Weathers , can hold his own when compared to other big action stars of the 80's . In short , " Action Jackson " has all the ingredients to be a good rental choice for action fans . If only they had avoided some of those needless digressions ( like Jackson's fight with a junkie ) . . . . ( )
486719	386241	51622	7.0	Slick and " adult " sci-fi .	A slick , clever , engaging and unique ( if a bit slow-paced at first ) sci-fi story . Although the special effects leave something to be desired , especially if you've seen the incredible ( and incredibly nauseating ) images of the 1986 remake , the film's restrained approach to horror can be very pleasurable if you get used to it , and the script is stronger and more character-driven than the one of Cronenberg's version . A surprisingly good film . ( )
486045	386241	117658	7.0	A stylistic tour-de-force by Argento .	This is possibly one of Argento's best films ( I haven't seen " Deep Red " yet ) - it gets a solid out of from me . Unlike , say " " Tenebre " , it's a character-driven , not a gore-driven film , and I guess that may disappoint some of his fans , yet Argento remains a visual master , too , and although the film deals with difficult subjects ( sadomasochism included ) , it has a hypnotic , surrealistic effect - like others have said , you just can't stop watching it . And Asia Argento handles her complex role beautifully ; the killer , however , is fairly unremarkable .
486462	386241	82436	7.0	Excellent performances , weak plot .	Though the story is essentially routine , and the " surprise " ending is nothing but a bad joke on the audience , you can see what attracted these good actors to the project - it offers them the kind of roles in which good actors can shine , and shine they do . The film is impeccably made - for its time . It was remade in 2000 as " Under Suspicion " and if you only want to see one version of the story ( that's all it deserves , really ) , I recommend the latter one , with Hopkins ' up-to-date direction and the more explicit references to plot points that the original could only hint at . The ending , however , still blows . ( )
486025	386241	67277	7.0	Half powerful , half pretentious .	This unique movie has many powerful moments and could have been a masterpiece , if it were less pretentiously directed . There are some strange and rather absurd " fantasy " sequences that don't really work - for example , Donald Sutherland is billed as " Jesus Christ " , and he isn't very convincing in the role . Still , it's an important movie , and well worth watching .
485812	386241	86873	7.0	A pleasant diversion - but a little overrated .	Lightweight , enjoyable comedy , with first-rate performances by Martin and Tomlin . The supporting cast is adequate and there are some genuine ( if scattered ) laughs . However , the film is nothing more than a pleasant little diversion . Every time I watch it , the same thing bothers me : it looks very cheap and underproduced , with murky cinematography . It has an inexplicable TV-movie feel , which certainly doesn't do justice to the actors ' terrific work .
486042	386241	60288	7.0	Above average .	This above-average Bond knockoff deserves to be better known . It's too imitative of the Bond pictures of the time ( especially " Thunderball " - minus the underwater scenes ) , and the plot slows down at times , but Elke Sommer and Sylva Koscina make a terrific pair of sexy , teasing assassins ( with Sommer being the sexier one and Koscina the more teasing one ) . Nigel Green also makes a smooth villain ( although he should have hired more guards ! ) . This picture should become more widely available , because although it's not perfect , it's much better than , say , the atrocious pseudo-spoof " Our Man Flint " . ( )
486669	386241	60315	7.0	Not great , but certainly fun .	This fun , ultra-violent Western is very close to the Leone-spaghetti style . Franco Nero is no Clint Eastwood , of course , but he's an acceptable substitute ( although he's hampered by the fact that his voice is dubbed , which is a pity because Nero's own voice is one of his best features ) . No masterpiece , but has hardly a dull moment . ( )
487016	386241	20640	7.0	Flawed early Marx comedy .	The Marxes second film is an even more uncinematic production than their first ( " The Cocoanuts " ) . The camera barely moves throughout the picture , and matters are not helped at all by the fact that the print is in fairly poor condition , with entire frames missing from several scenes . And , as usual , the film contains far too much music . Nevertheless , the brothers ( and especially Harpo and Chico , who in my opinion have all the funniest scenes ) are amazingly lively for a 1930 film , and they make it worth seeing after all . ( )
487205	386241	90601	7.0	Corny , episodic but likable .	There is only one way to get through this " Aladdin " : you must have a high tolerance for corniness . One minute the Genie says that he doesn't know what these " boxes " ( meaning the cars ) are , the next he delivers exactly the kind of car that the kid ( his " master " ) wants . There isn't really a story , it's just a series of unrelated episodes . And the " culture shock " factor ( the Genie wakes up 200 years after his time ) goes almost completely unexplored . But the movie has an essential good-heartedness that makes it likable . It's also nice to hear Bud Spencer's original voice for a change , Italian accent and all . ( )
486941	386241	75066	7.0	Pretty fair .	This fifth " Pink Panther " entry is a practically plotless collection of gags . Such comedies are always inevitably uneven , and this one is no exception . It contains at least one scene than never fails to bring tears of laughter to my eyes ( the interrogation at the house of the kidnapped scientist , with Sellers at his best ) and a wonderful animated title sequence , and it remains generally amusing throughout . But it does have its share of lulls , too , and some overly predictable sight gags that aren't likely to impress even the kids . Sometimes this is a very funny film , but it misses the mark now and then , as well .
486823	386241	94375	7.0	A must-see for Michelle Yeoh fans	" Magnificent Warriors " finds its leading star , Michelle Yeoh , in top form : her speed and dance-like grace make her fight scenes a pure pleasure to watch ( she's also good with a whip . . . . and a rope . . . . and a spear . . . . well , you get the idea ) . And as a bonus , there is another girl , the beautiful and feisty Cindy Lau , who fights as well ! Richard Ng , perhaps better known for his role in the " Lucky Stars " films , provides the comic relief , and he's actually quite funny here . The action offers a good mix of martial arts and large-scale battle scenes , and the story is ( after the first 30 minutes ) engaging and at times even inspiring . The production is spectacular and the music score appropriately epic . If you want to see an Asian take ( plus a female twist this time ) on the Indiana Jones formula , this is a much better choice than Jet Li's " Dr . Wai And The Scripture With No Words " . ( )
485646	386241	143874	7.0	Haunting enigma ; not for all tastes .	This is the third Raoul Ruiz film I have watched recently ( after " Three Lives and Only One Death " and " Genealogies of a Crime " ) , and it is easily the best of the three . Why ? Because it's less talky and pseudo-philosophical , more colorful and cinematic . Imaginatively directed and sprinkled with all sorts of quirky visual surprises ( some of which are directly linked to its title ) and surreal ideas ( a painting that gets different every time you look at it ) , it captures the netherworld between dream and reality better than any " Nightmare on Elm Street " movie . And if all the pieces of the puzzle don't fit together at the end ( though a second viewing will help you clear up a few details ) , at least you can feel the director's joy in assembling them anyway . ( )
486162	386241	71221	7.0	Breezy and enjoyable .	Jim Kelly may not be in the class of Bruce Lee , but he does show some impressive martial-arts moves ; his co-star , Gloria Hendry , more than holds her own . This flick is half blaxploitation actioner and half Bond movie ; in both fields , you could do much worse . The plot is minimal , to say the least , and the silly sound effects used to " enhance " the various kicks and punches do date the film , but it's still very fast-paced , playful and thoroughly enjoyable . ( )
486079	386241	40338	7.0	Clever , if a little sluggish .	This is an intelligent drama-thriller with some wonderful Hitchcockian moments ( the paper dart , a clock that has to be wound-up at the most inappropriate time ) and themes ( the difference between appearances and actual facts , a man's struggle to prove his innocence although all the indications of guilt point at him ) , and also a good study of how different a kid's perception of the adult world can be . The pacing is a little sluggish , however , and the child actor they chose for the part is not really the best they could've come up with . Ralph Richardson , on the other hand , is excellent . And you may be surprised to know that Guy Hamilton , the future director of many Bond films , was the assistant director here . ( )
486728	386241	78915	7.0	Enjoyable feature .	This compilation of classic WB short cartoons is ( expectedly ) highly uneven , but generally enjoyable . Among the highlights : Bugs Bunny as a vengeful symphony conductor , he and Daffy Duck arguing about whether it's " duck season " or " rabbit season " ( this sketch has a hilarious punchline ) , the surrealistic ( and also somewhat sadistic ! ) " Duck Amuck " , etc . The final " Road Runner " segment does go on a little too long . Overall , this is a nice way to spend 95 minutes mindlessly and painlessly , and also a good opportunity to see some of those shorts that you may have missed on TV . ( )
487513	386241	102004	7.0	" Do you notice anything different about our car ? "	Entertaining mix of action and comedy , at least for the first two-thirds of its length . Then there are some rather overextended action sequences and the film loses some of its comic edge . Still , the acting is first-rate all around , with Fox and Woods offering many laughs when the script gives them the chance , and Stephen Lang a highly enjoyable , totally loony villain . ( )
485895	386241	86543	7.0	Not for the easily offended .	Offbeat , slow-paced , entertaining erotic thriller with many graphic and " blasphemous " scenes that will undoubtedly disturb some viewers . However , it'll be hard even for them not to appreciate the several imaginative sequences this film contains , or to ignore Krabbe's first-rate performance . Verhoeven maintains an intriguing ambivalence throughout the film , playing with the meaning of the hero's visions-omens . Unfortunately , in the last 5 minutes everything turns into a blur , and the unsatisfying ending is certainly not as good as the rest of the movie . ( )
485822	386241	117381	7.0	Thought-provoking , tight thriller .	Despite some cliched motivations and plot elements , this big-budget courtroom thriller will hold you for its 130 minutes , mainly because it engages the brain as well as the senses . At first it looks like a " either-he-did-it-or-he-didn't " story that we've all seen many times before , but around the midway point the ambitious script shifts its direction and becomes a thought-provoking drama . It STILL seems derivative , however , until a final twist that I found totally unexpected and surprisingly well-thought-out . Richard Gere is terrific in a tailor-made role , Laura Linney was strangely endearing in my opinion ( of course , others thought she was awful , so be warned ) and Edward Norton really shows remarkable talent in his debut , especially in his closing scene . ( )
485607	386241	67525	7.0	It has impact .	This film is a bit muddled philosophically : there are some half-hearted attempts to " question " Heston's morality , like a scene where a kid says " Sometimes you scare me more than The Family " , yet he's clearly the one to root for , the only hope of humanity , and at the end he's set up as a Christ figure . But it's still a fine piece of moviemaking , and a definite improvement on the pale 1964 version of the same story ( " The Last Man On Earth " ) . This remake , of sorts , has a lot more impact , and the " vampires " ( or whatever you wanna call them ) are a more existing and constant threat ( and far more intelligent , too ) . However , this is not the altogether great movie that could , conceivably , be made from this story . ( )
487508	386241	86567	7.0	Chillingly effective .	" WarGames " is a surprisingly effective thriller , thanks to its highly original premise and Badham's literally flawless direction . Broderick's and Sheedy's winning performances also help . Fortunately , the movie doesn't contain too much technical " jargon " : it is more interested in its clearly stated anti-war message , while at the same time it works as suspenseful entertainment . It may be a little far-fetched sometimes , but when that final moment arrives when the computer realizes that " the only winning move is not to play " , be prepared to feel a genuine chill .
485957	386241	67511	7.0	Above-average giallo .	Pretty good little thriller , with many tense situations , an interesting plot , and gimmicky , stylish direction ( lots of zooms ! ) by Enzo Castellari . Probably the main reason that this film isn't so well-received is that it wasn't directed by a " specialist " of the genre like Dario Argento , but if you compare it objectively with , say , the following year's " Four Flies On Grey Velvet " , it's far less boring ! ( )
486653	386241	51406	7.0	A pleasant piece of fluff .	This is the kind of film that , if it were made today , it would probably star Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant ; actually , now that I think about it , this one is quite liable to be remade one day . It's pleasant , but with no depth whatsoever . It suffers from the almost fatal miscasting of James Stewart in a role he is about 20 years too old for , and as a result there is no chemistry between him and the beautiful Kim Novak . Ernie Kovacs , in the small supporting role of an aspiring writer , is the only actor in the film whose performance approaches what you might call " wit " . ( )
486666	386241	86655	7.0	Complex thriller is worth seeing .	Isabelle Adjani gives a brilliant , instinctive performance ( and she also has several showstopping nude scenes , I might add ) as an animalistic , untamed young sexpot who seeks vengeance on the three men that raped her mother 20 years ago . In the first few minutes , the film seems a bit confusing and pointless , but gradually reveals itself to be a multi-layered story with quite a few twists along the way . " One Deadly Summer " deserves more attention ( but is difficult to find ) . ( )
487406	386241	117468	7.0	A thinking action fan's dream .	With its elaborate situations , intricately choreographed , prolonged and absolutely thrilling action scenes , and a thought-provoking script full of twists , " Retroactive " is a movie that creates a true sense of vertigo - in a good way . It just sucks you in deeper and deeper . Kylie Travis is a model action heroine and James Belushi is surprisingly good as the heavy ( both literally and figuratively ) . Basically this is an almost-great little movie that too few people have seen . ( )
486022	386241	95174	7.0	Gripping but flawed .	This Polanski thriller is flawlessly acted , fairly gripping and it sustains your interest throughout . Still , it doesn't really meet our expectations in the plot department . As a reviewer on the " Amazon . com " page points out , you expect something " deeper and darker " than a more or less standard spy plot .
487283	386241	63571	7.0	Very cryptic film .	The idea ( already described in other reviews ) is both improbable and audacious , and the film is initially intriguing , but ultimately goes nowhere . There is a difference between not pandering to your audience and completely shutting it out , which is what director Losey has done here ( especially regarding Mia Farrow's character and what she is all about ) . However , Robert Mitchum has a very challenging role - he plays a totally reprehensible character - and pulls it off beautifully . By the way , the previous reviewer is right on the money about the editing goof in the slapping scene ; unacceptable for a director with such a big name . ( )
486635	386241	86425	7.0	A little heavy , but with astonishing performances .	A well-observed , well-made drama ( with occasional comedic moments ) , that may not be exactly " high art " ( it's neither profound nor original ) , but DOES feature some great acting and manages to pull you in . Debra Winger gives an extraordinary performance ; she has a naturalness and expressiveness that you rarely see on the screen . When her character is happy , her whole face brightens up and her joy becomes infectious ; when she's sad or confused or embarrassed , the emotions come across strongly , although she never goes over the top . Considering that she lost the Oscar to her co-star , Shirley MacLaine , who is reasonably good but far more one-note , I'd say we had a major Academy Award injustice there . Jack Nicholson is fun to watch and has some amusing lines , and most supporting roles , like those played by John Lithgow and Danny De Vito , are also first-rate and completely believable . So overall it's a good film , directed almost flawlessly , although in the final 20 minutes it needlessly wallows in melodrama . ( )
486069	386241	70948	7.0	Unquestionably the strangest movie ever made .	" Zardoz " is either a brilliant visionary masterpiece , or the biggest blunder Sean Connery ever appeared in . I still haven't decided which ( must watch it again first ! ) . It has beautiful visuals and a surprisingly multi-layered script ( the revelation of the title's meaning is a stunning moment ) , yet it also has parts so embarrassing ( the " scientific examination of the male erection " scene comes to mind ) that make you wonder how the participants managed to keep a straight face through them ( the filming of this movie must have been great fun ! ) . Ultimately , it's a film that defies ratings , but I'll try my best . . . . . . out of 4 .
485791	386241	110570	7.0	Funny but flat .	Roberto Benigni is a gifted physical comedian , but his pre-Oscar " Il Mostro " is best seen with an audience ; the laughter helps cover up the dead spots . If you see it home alone , you can still get laughs out of some cleverly constructed gags , but the flatness of Benigni's direction cannot be ignored . ( )
486467	386241	235737	7.0	A true attention-getter of a film .	Excellent adult thriller . Stylish , intense , funny and unexpectedly moving . Intricately plotted ( it will always be one step ahead of you ) and fluidly , inventively directed ( including a unique twist on Eastwood's classic " Did I fire six bullets . . . or only five ? " line ) . Well-acted , especially by Kilmer . The less you know about it beforehand the better , though , so I'll just add this : this film is not always pleasant to watch , but it has personality and will take you on quite a journey . Don't read about it , see it . ( )
487252	386241	90770	7.0	Potent drama .	The most shocking thing in this unsettling film is the way it accurately portrays the state of mind of the two " heroes " ; murder seems to be just another inconsequential act of " escapism " for them , and the ( sincere ) grief that Sheen's character feels for some of their victims is brief and quickly lost amid the " thrill " of it all . The movie handles the violence in an uncompromising but not exploitive way , and it may not have all the answers , but at least it isn't afraid to touch the subject . ( )
486264	386241	86310	7.0	If you have eliminated the impossible . . .	A handsome production , with atmospheric sets , picture-perfect casting and a welcome dose of humor , but somewhat spoiled by a few schlocky moments ( like Holmes ' fight with the cannibal dwarf ) and an arguably wrong structure that reveals too much of the mystery , too soon . Still good for fans of the character or the genre . ( )
487095	386241	95047	7.0	A likable comedy .	It's fairly obvious that this was the director's first film , as it is a bit disorganized and not quite as smoothly put together as it could have been . But it is equally obvious that the director had good intentions , and helped by an imaginative premise ( weird , misunderstood kid believes he's an alien ) , he did make a likably eccentric film after all . At least it's better that the usual Golan-Globus stuff . ( )
487290	386241	66769	7.0	You'll have to strain a bit . . .	Robert Wise's solemn approach is so unentertaining that the few humorous moments stand out as brief , merciful doses of relief . However , I must admit that the film has great set design , believable performances and a suspenseful climax - not to mention those " oh , so 70s " heavy " government - conspiracy - paranoia " overtones . ( )
485647	386241	253126	7.0	Implausible but fun .	This movie starts out unremarkable , but it gets better , so stick with it . It is alternately silly ( mostly in the first and last 15 minutes ) and edgy ( in the middle ) , but if you can ignore the various implausibilities ( why would such a well-organized and highly professional team of robbers have such a moron as their lookout in the first place ? ) it's fun , with engaging performances particularly by Minnie Driver and Kevin McNally ( who does the right thing by playing his role straight ) . In any case , it is much better than the very similar and mean-spirited " Beautiful Creatures " from the same year . ( )
486139	386241	101698	7.0	Sweet and highly entertaining .	A wonderful comedy-fantasy that has all the wit of a good Woody Allen movie combined with genuine sweetness and good-naturedness . It's one of those rare films that achieve profundity without pushing for it ; here it is done with the help of the clever structure . Albert Brooks delivers some great one-liners and wins the audience's affection easily , while Meryl Streep is atypically unaffected and Lee Grant is excellent in her supporting role . And who could ask for a better ending ? ( )
487214	386241	105585	7.0	Noble but lukewarm drama .	" Thunderheart " is an odd mix of traditional murder mystery and New Age Indian mysticism . It's not a bad film by any means , just a lackluster one . It isn't tight enough for a thriller , and it goes on too long . Val Kilmer is good , but Graham Greene has all the best lines and steals the picture . ( )
486940	386241	66765	7.0	Generally a success .	" And Now For Something Completely Different " is an entertaining , if very uneven , compilation film , moving along so quickly and including so many different sketches that it's hard to reject it as a whole , even when you dislike some parts . Brilliant episodes ( " Dead Parrot " , " Mountaineering Sketch " , " Upper-class Twit-Of-The-Year Competition " ) alternate with bummers ( " The World's Deadliest Joke " , " Marriage Councelor " ) and with mildly funny parts ( The accountant that wants to become a lion tamer ) , but the film generally maintains that surrealistic , subversive Python flavor that their fans seek .
487412	386241	40525	7.0	Extremely strange and idiosyncratic film .	Mix together these ingredients ( among others ) : an Irish-accented , miscast ( he's too smart to play dumb ) Orson Welles ; a breathtakingly beautiful Rita Hayworth ; two exceptionally eccentric villains ( " you're suppooooosed to have thrown my cooooorpse into the sea " ) ; fast-motion , almost slapsticky fight scenes ; a comedic trial sequence ( including a HILARIOUS scene of a man cross-examining himself - I wonder if this is where Woody Allen got his idea from for a similar incident in his " Bananas " ) ; and a bleak worldview , suggesting that we're bound to lose the fight with our inner evil . What you get is " The Lady From Shanghai " , a film ahead of its time , and so offbeat that it's definitely worth a look . . . . but not a total success . ( )
485668	386241	81975	7.0	Some credibility problems , but still a compelling film .	It's a gripping thriller , and Richard Burton is utterly convincing in the kind of role he was born to play ( a rigid priest / teacher , but with traces of humanity underneath ) . But the constant flow of twists results in constant shifts in the characterizations , until the whole thing becomes too far-fetched for its own good . Nonetheless , it certainly didn't deserve its gross mistreatment by the American distributors , who released it ten years after it was made . ( )
485618	386241	81964	7.0	Occasionally entertaining .	" All The Marbles " has one major asset : the staging of the wrestling sequences . They are long , appropriately noisy , well-edited and expertly done . But the movie often lags during the fairly pointless scenes that are designed to link together those sequences . The two heroines are very beautiful and also demonstrate considerable acting talent , and Falk adds some bright moments , but the movie still can't shake off a definite " low-energy " sense in its non-wrestling scenes . Still , this is a " must " for fans of the subject , if only because of the rarity of similar movies .
486206	386241	79817	7.0	Faithful to the spirit of the original .	" Rocky II " isn't as wildly entertaining as the next installment ( which is my favorite ) , and it's slightly overlong , too . But it's still an earnestly made , appealingly tender sequel . Stallone dedicates time to character development and quirky humor ( the scene where he attempts to star in commercials is really funny ) , making the movie more suitable for viewers who prefer dialogue over action - although the actual fight is more dynamic than the one in the original .
486017	386241	339489	7.0	A brain-twister of a film ; worth sticking with	The previous reviewer pretty much said what I wanted to say : " Killing Words " is a difficult film to categorize , but if you have to place it under one genre , it's probably what they call a " mind-fk " . Twist upon twist upon twist - that's how this film proceeds . It constantly plays with your perceptions ; just when you thing you've figured it all out , it proves you wrong . There are only four characters , and they are all effectively performed ( and yes : Goya Toledo IS a sensual woman ) . The film is also stylishly directed and photographed . One minor point : the word game that Grandinetti and Toledo frequently play won't mean much to non-Spanish-speaking audiences . But Spanish is such a pleasant language to listen to anyway that this doesn't matter much . ( )
485594	386241	36613	7.0	Funny but uneven	There were some very funny moments and situations in this movie , but overall I find it to be a somewhat uneven and overlong ( 115 minutes ) comedy . Though it builds a delirious , chaotic atmosphere very convincingly , with characters that get nuttier by the minute , it still isn't as good as it could've been . I find Cary Grant's overacting much more justifiable now that I've watched the picture twice ( the first time , you may not be prepared for how crazy he acts ) , and there are many moments of inspired teamwork ( great underplaying by Peter Lorre , and John Alexander is perfect ) - but isn't Raymond Massey a little too gloomy and menacing for a comedy , even a " black " one ? ( )
485597	386241	90644	7.0	Clever , but eventually too clever for its own good . . . .	At first it's the sheer uniqueness of the characters and situations that keeps you watching . Then , after about 30 minutes , you realize that this is one imaginatively written , ambitiously conceived horror pic . The director manages to sustain the tension in both the parallel stories ( the " fictional " and the " real " one ) - and that's quite a directorial feat . But there ARE some minor logical flaws in this movie ( the ease with which BOTH killers murder their victims and pass unnoticed in movie theaters filled with people is a little hard to believe ) , and the final " surprise ending " is rather contrived , perhaps even predictable if you've seen similar movies ( like Wes Craven's " New Nightmare " of 1994 ) . ( )
485748	386241	110425	7.0	Don't judge a book by its cover .	" La Machine " is a violent , very well-made thriller , which proves that when the French aren't too preoccupied with " art " or " social shock " , they can make a genre movie just as good as any similar American product . The director shows remarkable attention to detail , and the performances are versatile enough to help you " buy " the various transformations of the characters . Not an exceptional movie , but a gripping one . ( )
487222	386241	86356	7.0	Refreshing .	Not altogether successful , but fully absorbing and thought-provoking film , with an exceptional performance by Douglas , even if he looks a bit too young to be a judge . Director Hyams knows how to shoot chase sequences , but he should have included less of them here . Still , it's refreshing to watch a movie that's suspenseful without being brainless . I recommend this film to eclectic viewers .
487436	386241	70783	7.0	Pretty good .	This is a pretty entertaining little thriller , with nice , atmospheric sets , a reasonably clever story and a certain dry , morbid wit . Honestly , there are flicks much worse than this one that have been labeled " classics " , solely because they had Vincent Price or Christopher Lee in their casts . If you can find it , check it out . ( ) No song is heard throughout the film .
487142	386241	101595	7.0	Extremely low-key .	" Close My Eyes " deserves credit for its unexploitive treatment of a highly charged subject matter . On the other hand , I found it just a bit dramatically monotonous . However , it's worth seeing for its sensitivity and its good acting . Alan Rickman , in particular , is very interesting in what could have easily been a thankless supporting part . ( )
487192	386241	66830	7.0	Very good for its genre	What separates - and , in my book , makes better - " The Big Doll House " from most Women-In-Prison films is that the focus here is NOT on the exploitation of the women ( though there is some of that , of course ) , but on their STRENGTH and determination . Roberta Collins and Pat Woodell , in particular , have well-defined characters that know how to take care of themselves . The fights ( including some mud-wrestling ) are rough and wild . The casting is excellent : you know something is right when Pam Grier isn't even the most beautiful woman on the screen ! Collins , in particular , has a kind of beauty that you rarely see nowadays . Contrary to what other people have said , I found the scenes involving Sid Haig and his partner to be the most undesirable : they do provide some form of comic relief but they go on too long and occasionally kill the pace of the movie . ( )
486003	386241	82398	7.0	007 at his best	This is , in my opinion , Roger Moore's best Bond film , and one of the best in the entire series ( right below " Goldfinger " and " From Russia With Love " ) . The reason is simple - it ranks high in most of the important categories that determine the quality of a Bond film : one of the loveliest Bond girls ( with whom Bond seems to share a more meaningful relationship that is not just based on physical attraction ) , the best title song , one of the funniest pre-credits sequences ( " I trust you had a pleasant . . . fright ! " ) , GREAT car chase / ski chase sequences ( obviously the change in directors paid off , as the action in " FYEO " is directed with more flair than it was in the previous Bonds ) , tense mountain-climbing climax . The only area where it ranks low are the villains - truly some of the most unmemorable in the series . In the second half , the tension unwinds a bit with a long , tedious underwater sequence that succeeds only in slowing the film down . And the rapid night-to-day change as Bond hunts down Locque is one of the most obvious blunders in the series . Despite these flaws , however , " FYEO " will always remain one of my favorite Bond films . ( )
486804	386241	40876	7.0	Entertaining , if a bit unfocused .	It starts out as a broad slapstick comedy , and when Gene Kelly has the opportunity to showcase his acrobatic skills , it's good old-fashioned swashbuckling fun . But after the first 20 minutes it turns into mostly heavy drama , and the swordfights are actually few and far between . The problem with the script is that , trying to cover all the characters and subplots of the book , it has no time to develop them enough , and the story lacks a strong central focus . At times you wonder exactly what each person is trying to achieve , and where some of the characters you know are basic have gone ( the main example : Richelieu , excellently played by Vincent Price , has only about three of four scenes in the entire film ) . Still , it's a good-looking , entertaining production . ( )
487087	386241	48605	7.0	Highly enjoyable , if static , film .	This movie definitely hasn't managed to escape its stage origins : the few characters , the limited sets and the talky nature of the script result in a rather static comedy . The story is slim , too , and can barely sustain the film's 103 minutes . However , the lively performances , the often witty dialogue ( the gimmick of having the main character talk constantly to himself is annoying at first but then you adjust to it ) and , of course , Monroe's stunning beauty somehow make you overlook the film's flaws . Good-natured , glossy and highly enjoyable .
486723	386241	75686	7.0	Inventively made , but a little overrated .	A warmhearted , entertaining comedy , considered by many to be Woody Allen's best film . While I don't agree 100 % on that ( for example , it's inferior to " Hannah and her Sisters " ) , I do think it's a very witty film , packed with inventive moments ( like Diane Keaton literally leaving her body during one unwanted ( by her ) lovemaking scene - " while you two are busy , can I do some drawing ? " ) . Woody Allen goes from slapstick comedy ( the " lobster scene " ) to self-sarcasm to bitersweet romance , never forgetting to spout some often hilarious one-liners ( " in the case of war , I'll be a hostage " ) . But the film is not quite as profound as it's supposed to be , and the narrative often gets too jumbled . ( )
485675	386241	676192	8.0	Evil under the ( Greek ) sun	Hercule Poirot goes to Rhodes ( a Greek island ) on vacation and , wouldn't you know it , gets involved with the death ( via poisoning ) of a rich and glamorous ( and married , to her fifth husband ) woman staying at the same hotel . Captain Hastings is not present in this one ; Poirot's sidekick is a woman he meets in Rhodes . The mystery is pretty good , once again appearances are completely deceiving , but the highlight of this episode must be the magnificent , vividly photographed island scenery . In both story and production values , " Triangle at Rhodes " reminded me of the 1982 film " Evil Under the Sun " . This is a TV production of cinematic standards . ( )
487452	386241	21749	8.0	A Chaplin classic that has aged well .	This celebrated Charlie Chaplin film may not be the absolute masterpiece that all the glowing reviews indicate , but it is undeniably a very good motion picture . The ending has been praise justifiably - it is unforgettable and profoundly moving . And there are some hilarious comic moments , too ; the boxing match is a perfectly sustained set piece . Chaplin made only this film and " Modern Times " in the 30s ; this is the one to see first . ( )
486566	386241	39305	8.0	Engrossing , if somewhat confusing .	A well-made mystery / film noir . Bogart is in top form , Scott is as glamorous as any given femme fatale of the period , and Carnovsky is smooth as the well-spoken villain . The direction is no more than workmanlike , but the dialogue is superior throughout . My favorite line : " Maybe she was all right . . . and maybe Christmas comes in July , but I doubt it ! " ( )
486084	386241	95337	8.0	Hong Kong action at its absolute finest !	This is the first and only Cynthia Khan movie I have seen so far , and all I have to say is " WOW ! " . She is amazing - more flexible than rubber . If she ever got in a fight with Jackie Chan , he could conceivably beat her , but I wouldn't bet my money on it ! Plus , she is MUCH cuter than Michelle Yeoh . And if she is not enough , there is an extra bonus for action-girl fans : one of the villains is a real tough bich who definitely won't go down without a fight . But the men don't get short-changed , either : there is a Japanese cop and two male villains , and all three are VERY determined and VERY good at fighting - the cop and one of the bad guys engage in one of the most brutal , vicious fights that have ever been committed to film . The rest of the action scenes ( car crashes , explosions , shootouts ) are also supreme . The film never stops to take a breath - there is little of the comedy that usually bogs down Hong Kong productions ( there ARE cameos by some of the " Lucky Stars " , but they only last a few seconds ) . As a result , there is more room for action , action and more action . And if action is what you want , " In The Line Of Duty 3 " is as good as it gets . ( )
485886	386241	113350	8.0	Not to be missed	" Red Wolf " gets off to a rather shaky start , but once the action kicks in , it is nonstop . The fight scenes are among the best I've ever seen ; they are on the level of the rooftop climax of Jackie Chan's " Who Am I ? " , except they're not limited to one sequence , but they occur every 5 minutes or so . There is also a lot of shooting , and A LOT of shattered glass . But it's not a mindless movie ; the characters often have to use their smarts to escape from sticky situations . Kenny Ho is a great fighter , full of intensity and conviction , and he appears to be doing all of his own stunts . Elaine Lui ( who plays the BAD girl , NOT the hero's sidekick as others have said ) is absolutely dazzling , a goddess of evil . Judging this movie on its own terms , I give it out of 4 stars . Sure , it's an " Under Siege " rip-off , but that's no reason to miss it .
486107	386241	56923	8.0	Ingenious teaming of many genuine talents .	Terrific movie that can be perceived both as a first-rate piece of straight entertainment , and as a meditation on the thin line separating truth and lie . Ingenious script , dialogue filled with funny interplay , great chemistry between the two charismatic stars , vivid and fast-paced direction by Stanley Donen . Not quite in the league of " North By Northwest " , but still a very entertaining and recommendable picture . ( )
487395	386241	96152	8.0	Terrific !	An unjustly neglected horror entry . Right from the start , it has the narrative pull of a good mystery ; there are intriguing characters and one genuinely sensual sex scene . In the second half , it seems to be getting more ordinary , but then comes up with a stunning twist , worthy of an Agatha Christie . Overall , a well-acted , atmospherically directed , smart , creepy little thriller . ( )
487268	386241	53172	8.0	Predictable , but a delight .	This first teaming of Doris Day and Rock Hudson is a delightful , visually beautiful comedy - old-fashioned but hardly dated . The two stars make a charming , shiny couple ( it's easy to see why they were so popular in their time ) and Thelma Ritter steals the show in a needless but funny supporting role . The only problem you may have is that the course of the plot seems to be thoroughly predetermined from the first frame , but the film does a pretty good job of delaying the inevitable . Great sound effects , too . ( )
485811	386241	104779	8.0	Compelling , delightful film !	This film is utterly compelling - it will have you glued to the screen . It's about 2 hours and 15 minutes long , yet it never loses its grip . Although there are a few " funny " moments , you can never be sure whether they were intentional or not . The pacing is slow but wonderfully methodical . But what really makes this picture delightful is the level of the acting of the male stars . While the female leads are a bit stiff ( the film's major flaw ) , the cynical Coyote and , especially , the charmingly shy Grant ( his performance here is underrated ) provide two different ways for the viewer to enter the story and their interplay is offbeat and endlessly entertaining . This is methodical , first-rate filmmaking by Polanski .
485771	386241	36342	8.0	Very good , underrated , involving Hitchcock .	" Shadow of a Doubt " is one of Hitchcock's best films , often overshadowed by famous but actually inferior pictures like " Notorious " . It's not quite a masterpiece : the pacing is too slow and there is a minor ( but important ) plot hole - why does Uncle Charlie try to hide that piece of the newspaper since it had no references directly to him anyway and his family didn't suspect him at all ? But it's still an involving , absorbing film , where Hitchcock uses few fancy tricks and focuses on his characters and his actors . Cotten is menacing , but Wright steals the film with her extremely winning performance .
486044	386241	106452	8.0	" Only the race counts - not the individual " .	Okay , the 1956 original paved the way and has to get the credit for that , but from an objective point-of-view , both the 1978 and this 1993 remake are better , scarier , more developed . In comparison to the second version , this one has a nowhere nearly as brilliant , rather disappointing ending , but the pacing is must faster . Abel Ferrara keeps the movie running for only a tight 85 minutes , and pushes all the right buttons along the way ; the horror ranges from the gory ( the melting heads ) to the supremely subtle ( the scene in the classroom , where all the kids draw the exact same picture , except for one , who naturally realizes that something is wrong - the teacher seems to want to punish him for being different ) . This is a spine-chilling , absolutely terrific little picture - but even if it wasn't , it would still be worth seeing just for Meg Tilly's exceptional performance - her " where are you gonna go ? " monologue is as scary as anything in say , " Psycho " or " Rosemary's Baby " . ( )
486864	386241	55824	8.0	Solid thriller .	" Cape Fear " is a solid , suspenseful thriller with a taut script and a terrific performance by Robert Mitchum , as a smart , leering sadist ( with obvious pedophiliac tendencies ) . I had watched the remake ( twice ) before finally seeing this , and it's hard to compare them objectively , because the rules of the censors were much more strict in 1962 ( as the director himself points out in an interview ) . It IS a violent and suggestive film , though ; they probably went about as far as they could at the time . What gives the remake an extra " edge " is that the lawyer is actually guilty of not providing a proper defense for the criminal he was assigned to , while here he is simply a witness to one of his crimes . But this is still a good film , and Herrmann's score is equal to the one he wrote for " Psycho " . ( )
486652	386241	59764	8.0	A treat for both Holmes and Ripper fans .	This is a model B-movie : fast-paced , engaging , atmospheric , full of great twists . Most " A " productions would only wish they were this good ! Neville makes a suitably arrogant and surprisingly physical Holmes , and Houston is a perfect Dr . Watson . The director does wonders with an obviously low budget . Much , much better than the similar " Murder By Decree " . ( )
487490	386241	66808	8.0	Often hilarious comedy with a few dead spots .	" Bananas " is one of Woody Allen's earliest films : a pure comedy , with some satirical and political overtones . It's a strictly hit-or-miss effort , but , fortunately , the hits are definitely more than the misses . It contains many laugh-out-loud scenes ; the whole courtroom sequence , the scene where he tries to pass unnoticed while he's buying a pornographic magazine and his reaction to the line " You're not tense , are you ? " are among the many highlights . It does have its dead spots , though , and some rather too obvious jokes that can't match the level of the rest . And it leaves no residue after it's over , failing to stay in your memory for long . But I admit that , while you're watching it , it's great fun .
486511	386241	63663	8.0	Rich , moving , beautifully made .	" The Swimmer " must rank among the most beautifully filmed pictures of its era ; few other 60s films featured such vibrant cinematography and such revolutionary ( for the time ) camerawork ( notice the scene in which a horse is reflected in Lancaster's eye ) . Lancaster gives a subtle , powerful performance ( " I'm a noble and splendid man " ) , which is perhaps his best . The film is a tad TOO elliptical , as I think that a little more background information about the central character would have made it slightly more satisfying . And the ending , which was perhaps meant to be a surprise , seems pretty transparent now , as there are many clues which point to it . However , this is still a moving , adult film , which deserves to be seen at least once . ( )
487298	386241	66819	8.0	One of Eastwood's very few " horror " flicks . . . .	. . . . . and it's a good one , too . In fact , this may be one of the best studies of sexual repression ever made . It's extremely well-acted and has some downright chilling moments . An often overlooked film in Clint Eastwood's filmography , and atypical of him , to be sure , but if you're willing to accept him in such an ambiguous role , it's certainly very gripping . ( )
487144	386241	120401	8.0	Inventive and disturbing , but with flaws .	" The Ugly " is inventively directed , challengingly structured ( it doesn't follow any straight chronological line ; it continuously mixes the present with the recent past , and then the recent past with the dim past ) , disturbing and has at least one incredibly suspenseful scene ( the one where the killer is hiding in the bathroom ) . But it is also more pretentious than it has to be , with some serious slip-ups along the way ( it has at least five " false scares " too many , and even a " double false scare " ) , and offers no new insights into the mind of a serial killer ( abusive mother , bullies in the school , he hears voices , etc . ) . Scott Reynolds is undoubtedly a talented director and I would be interested in seeing more from him , but hopefully in his other films he has put the direction more in the service of the story . ( )
486960	386241	23969	8.0	Worthy of several viewings .	Very likely their best film . This is pure surrealism from start to finish , with some of their best-executed routines , and a welcome absence of ( serious ) musical numbers . Whether it has Harpo answering the phone , Groucho explaining his tax policy or Chico giving a detailed report of his weekly surveillance tactics ( " On Wednesday we fool him : We no show up " ) , this is the epitome of the Marx Brothers movies . And here's one of the funniest lines that nobody else has mentioned : " Ok , I give up . How about your glass of water ? " ( well , it's only funny in context ) . ( )
486735	386241	56869	9.0	A near-masterpiece from Hitchcock .	Suggesting that " The Birds " is far superior to " Psycho " seems to be considered something of a crime by most Hitchcock fans , but I have to commit that " crime " . I believe it's superior because it holds up better after repeated viewings . " Psycho " loses much of its impact if you're familiar with the final twist ; in " The Birds " only the shock elements lose some of their power , but that gives you more time to appreciate Hitchcock's complete mastery of his film techniques . His direction is masterful , his pacing is methodical and there are several astonishing , ingenious sequences ( the scene where the birds are gathering up behind Hedren is probably one of the greatest in his career ) . Taylor and Hedren have a warm , believable chemistry as a pair . The job that has been done in the editing and sound-effects department is superb . And the ending has a wonderful apocalyptic quality . This is first-rate filmmaking . Many have tried to attach psychological or metaphysical " meanings " to the picture ; I find it more enjoyable and rewarding on simpler , less complicated levels . It doesn't have much substance ; it's just a flawless horror film and a winning love story , with some nice humorous moments .
